1
# Property Name	Step	Council Text

questL02Larva	started	We require your aid, Adventurer. We need a mosquito larva. Don't ask why, because we won't tell you. In any case, the best place to find a mosquito larva is in the Spooky Forest, which is found in the Distant Woods. We'll mark it on your map for you.	We still need a mosquito larva, Adventurer. Please find us one, in the Spooky Forest.
questL02Larva	finished	Thanks for the larva, Adventurer. Er, actually, y'know what? You look pretty lonely. Maybe you should hatch this larva and keep the mosquito as a pet.<p>To do so, you'll need a Familiar-Gro&trade; Terrarium at your campsite. You can use this Meat to buy one, if you don't already have one.	Thanks for the larva, Adventurer. We'll put this to good use.
questL03Rat	started	We've received word that the owner of The Typical Tavern, in The Distant Woods, is having a bit of a rat problem. I'm sure he'd reward you if you took care of it for him.	The owner of the Typical Tavern is still bugging us about his rat problems. Perhaps you could help him?
questL04Bat	started	The Council requires another task of you, Adventurer. You must slay the Boss Bat. He can be found in the deepest part of the Bat Hole, in the Nearby Plains. Slay him, and return to us with proof of your conquest.	You have not yet slain the Boss Bat. He can be found in the Bat Hole, in the Nearby Plains.
questL04Bat	finished	Well done!  You have slain the Boss Bat.
questL05Goblin	started	We've gotten word, Adventurer, that the Knob Goblins, who normally keep to themselves over at Cobb's Knob, are planning a major military action against Seaside Town.<p>We need for you to go deep into the Knob, and nip this problem in the bud, so to speak, by neutralizing the Goblin King.<p>Our spies have determined that there is a secret entrance that will allow you to access the inside of the Knob. They recovered this map, but nobody knows how to read it.<p>You'll need to figure out how to decrypt the symbols on it if you're going to find that entrance. And be careful with it, Adventurer. Many Bothans died to... oh, wait, never mind. That was something else.	You need to find your way into Cobb's Knob, Adventurer. Try looking around the Outskirts for a clue that might help you figure out that map we gave you.	We still need you to neutralize the Goblin King, Adventurer!
questL05Goblin	finished	Thank you for slaying the Goblin King, Adventurer.
questL06Friar	started	The Deep Fat Friars in the Distant Woods are having a problem -- one of the experiments has gone awry, and fey creatures have invaded their grove. Please, Adventurer, lend them your assistance.	The Deep Fat Friars still require your assistance. You can find them in the Distant Woods.
questL07Cyrptic	started	Recently, an aura of extreme Spookiness has begun to emanate from within the Cyrpt, near the Misspelled Cemetary. We fear that some horrible monster has taken up residence there, and begun to rile up the local undead.<p>Would you be so good as to investigate? This device should help:	The Spookiness still emanates from the Cyrpt, Adventurer. See if you can find and destroy the source, and bring us back proof of your conquest.
questL07Cyrptic	finished	Aha! So the Spookiness was coming from this abominable creature, was it? Well, you have our thanks, Adventurer, for your courageous act of undefilement.<p>Please, allow us to fashion that skull into something a little flashier.
questL08Trapper	started	Adventurer! We've received an urgent letter from the Trapper, requesting our assistance. We're, like, really busy right now, so we were hoping you could go out to his place and see what he wants.<p>He lives at the base of Mt. McLargeHuge, the tallest of the Big Mountains. We'll mark it on your map for you.	You still have unfinished business with the Trapper, Adventurer.
questL09Topping	started	Sorry to trouble you with this, Adventurer, but we've gotten a... shall we say... cryptic message from Black Angus -- he's one of Loathing's minor nobles.<p>It's usually safe to ignore him, but he sounded pretty agitated, and given the current political climate we can scarcely afford to ignore him.<p>Could you do us a favor and go to his tower, in the Highlands?  The Highlands are just on the other side of the Orc Chasm.  We'll mark it on your map.	The Highland Lord, Black Angus, still needs your help, Adventurer.
questL10Garbage	started	Something is amiss, Adventurer. The Nearby Plains are filling up with giant piles of garbage, and despite our best efforts, it keeps falling from the sky faster than we can clean it up. We need you to figure out where it's coming from, and put a stop to it.	Please try to figure out where this garbage is coming from, Adventurer! Perhaps you can find a clue by poking around the Nearby Plains.
questL10Garbage	finished	We're not sure what you did, Adventurer, but the garbage finally stopped falling.  Thanks a lot!<p>Oh, by the way -- we found this in the garbage when we were cleaning up, and thought you might have some use for it.
questL11MacGuffin	started	You can travel there from the Travel Agency at The Shore, but there's a slight hitch -- the area you're going to requires a passport for entry, and our passport offices are temporarily closed due to a tiny photograph shortage. You'll need to acquire some forged identification documents from the Black Market instead, but we're not entirely sure where the Black Market actually is. It's probably near the Black Forest, though, and we'll mark that on your map for you.	Any luck getting your father's diary and recovering the Holy MacGuffin? It's a pretty important whatchamacallit, so we'd appreciate it if you'd get on that right away.
questL11MacGuffin	finished	And one quick (though enjoyable) tickertape parade later, you're standing back in front of the Council Hall, picking bits of confetti out of your hair and wondering what you should do next.
questL12War	started	Adventurer, we have heard rumors that trouble is brewing on the Mysterious Island of Mystery. The hippies and frat boys are agitating for war. I mean, they've always been a little tense with each other, but now it's getting serious. We couldn't be happier.<p>We'd like you to go over there and make sure that war starts. We don't care how it starts and we don't care who wins. Maybe the hippies will wipe out the frat boys, or maybe the frat boys will annihilate the hippies, or maybe they'll eradicate each other. It's kind of like watching two hot girls mud-wrestle -- no matter who loses, we win.	Hey, have you managed to start the war on the Mysterious Island yet? If you can't get them sufficiently worked up, try assassinating Franz Ferdinand. Historically, that tends to work.
questL12War	step1	Excellent work, adventurer! You've finally managed to get those idiots to fight each other. Now you've got to make sure the battle ends before the tourist season. I mean, would you rather go visit the "beautiful tropical island" or the "body-strewn war zone?"
questL12War	finished	Here you go -- you're now a decorated war hero. Don't let it go to your head. 
questL13Final	started	Adventurer!  We've recently received word that the Naughty Sorceress is holding some sort of contest.  We don't know what it means, but we know it doesn't mean anything good, and as such, we have decided that it is time for you to embark upon your final quest.  Seek out and destroy the Naughty Sorceress, who has plagued these lands for so long, and rescue King Ralph XI, whom she has imprismed.<p>Go forth to her Lair, east of the Nearby Plains!  Beat her down!
questL13Final	step13	Congratulations, Adventurer! You have defeated the Naughty Sorceress and brought peace to the land again. Say, did you know she was your mother?<p>Nah, just kidding. Anyway, I notice you left the king imprismed up there. It would be horrible if you left him there, because then the monsters would continue to fight adventurers and we would continue to have absolute power throughout the land. Yup, that sure would be a drag.<p>I guess you should probably go free him, though. But, y'know, take your time. If there's anything really important you have to do first, like brushing your teeth or cleaning your campsite, just go ahead and do that.<p>Seriously, no rush.
questL13Final	finished	Congratulations, Adventurer! It's the end of your quest as we know it. Don't worry, we feel fine. You've freed the king and made us obsolete. Ah, well. Hail to the king, baby.

# Sneaky Pete
questL02Larva	started	Uh, hey, dude, we could use some help if you're not mad busy. We need a mosquito larva. We won't bore you with our totes lame reasons why. You can find them in the Spooky Forest, in the Distant Woods. We'd be hella salty grateful if you could snag us one, yo.	Hey, homes, we still need that mosquito larva. We'll totally do your math homework for you if you get one for us! It's in the Spooky Forest.	Uh, hey, dudette, we could use some help if you're not mad busy. We need a mosquito larva. We won't bore you with our totes lame reasons why. You can find them in the Spooky Forest, in the Distant Woods. We'd be hella salty grateful if you could snag us one, yo.
questL02Larva	finished	Sweet! Thanks for getting the larva for us. That was totes chill of you.
questL03Rat	started	S'up, righteous dude. I know this isn't really worthy of your mad skills, but the owner of the Typical Tavern in the Distant Woods is trippin' about some rodent problem. I'm sure he'd give you mad props if you totes knocked 'em out.	S'up, righteous dudette. I know this isn't really worthy of your mad skills, but the owner of the Typical Tavern in the Distant Woods is trippin' about some rodent problem. I'm sure he'd give you mad props if you totes knocked 'em out.
questL04Bat	started	Hey, uh, homes. What's up? Any drama in the LBC? Heh, so we've got this grody Boss Bat who is, uh, sweating us to the max. If you're not too busy, like, could you throw some smack on him? He lives in the deepest part of the Bat Hole, in the nearby plains. So, y'know, cowabunga!	Hey, sis, I'm not trying to stress you, dawg, but I have to be "The Man" here and point out the Boss Bat is still alive. Which is not tubular, you know? Scope him out at the Bat Hole, by the Nearby Plains.
questL04Bat	finished	Hey, uh, dog, it was poppin' fresh how you iced the Boss Bat! We made this belt out of his skin for you. I mean, I know it's totally lame, but you can have it.
questL05Goblin	started	Hey, dude, we just got the 411 that the Knob Goblins are all panty-twisted and totes want to attack Seaside Town. What a bunch of douchegrass, am I right?<p>We think it's time some righteous bro went into the Knob and took out the Goblin King.<p>Our spies found out about a secret entrance that'll let you get all up ins. They found this map, but it's mad encrypted.<p>So could you, y'know, in your spare time, maybe poke around and see if you can get in there? You'd be doing us a solid. Peace out.	Yo, home...stuck?, we still really need you to get into Cobb's Knob, y'know, if you've got the time. You can probably find a clue on the Outskirts for how to get in.	Hey, I saw that the Goblin King is still stompin' around, yo. Have you not had a chance to get jiggy on him yet?
questL05Goblin	finished	You totally knocked that Goblin King out like a punk. Tubular work!
questL06Friar	started	Hey, homeskittle, those lameoid Deep Fat Friars opened some kind of weird portal, and all kinds of grody to the max demons are invading their grove. It would be totes, uh, dope if you could help them out.	Hey, daddy-o, those wack demons are still bothering those fuddy-duddy Friars. If, y'know, you feel like it, you should help them out in the Distant Woods.
questL07Cyrptic	started	Uh, what's up, homeboy? We hate to bother you, but there's, like, mad Spookiness coming out of the Cyrpt, near the Misspelled Cematary in the Nearby Plains. Some total dweeboid monster is probably in there, riling up the undead. It'd be totes sweet if you could check it out for us.<p>This thing will probably help -- we don't know, it's probably some nerd stuff, so whatever -- but, uh, could you look into it? If you've got time?	Yo, uh, home...slice? Is that what you kids say? Um, anyway, the Cyrpt is still super Spooky--I mean, I'm sure you're busy with cool stuff, like, being a cool guy, you know, but could you please get rid of the source, and bring back proof you did it? I mean, we trust you, but...yeah.
questL07Cyrptic	finished	Wow, so this was the crumbum Spookying up the Cyrpt? Looks like you, uh, totes dealt with him.<p>Here, let us make that skull into something badass enough for you to wear. 
questL08Trapper	started	S'up, homeslice? I know you're busy doing cool stuff, but we just got a letter from the Trapper, and he's got 99 problems. Could you maybs check out whatever tip he's on? That'd be mad awesome.<p>He lives at the base of Mt. McLargeHuge, the tallest of the Big Mountains. We'll mark it on your map for you.	I don't want to tell you your business, homeskittle, but the Trapper's still freaking out about whatever. You should probs check it out.
questL09Topping	started	Hey, dawg, sorry to bother you with this, but we just got a wack-ass message from Black Angus, this, like, wannabe royal.<p>Usually, we just let him talk all the jabber he wants, but he sounds totes off his rock this time.<p>Could you go get the 411 on what his damage is? His pad is in the Highlands, just around the Orc Chasm. We'll map it up for you.	Hey, dude, Black Angus is still mad tripping about whatever tip he's on. You should totes hit him up.
questL10Garbage	started	S'up, dude. The Nearby Plains are filling up with these totally unhip and wack piles of garbage. If you've got time, could you see where it's coming from and put a stop to it? That'd be tight.	We don't want to be, like, a bunch of fascist squares or anything, but the garbage is still falling from the sky over in the Nearby Plains. So, uh, what's up with that?	S'up, dudette. The Nearby Plains are filling up with these totally unhip and wack piles of garbage. If you've got time, could you see where it's coming from and put a stop to it? That'd be tight.
questL10Garbage	finished	Wow, you totally got jiggy with that whole garbage situation, homes! That's what the kids say, right? "Got jiggy" means "got it done?"<p>Anyway, we found this thing while we were cleaning up. It looked like something you could maybe use.
questL11MacGuffin	started	You can get it if you take your whip to the Travel Agency at The Shore, but they're totally going to sweat you unless you have a passport. You should, uh, hit up the Black Market for some bogus creds. We're sure you know where that is, but we're not cool enough to get told, so we'll just send you to the Black Forest and you can get there from there.<p>Once you've got ol' fossil dad's book, you could track down the MacGuffin for us, if you don't have anything better to do. It'll probs help us defeat the Sorceress, so, you know. Whatever.	Hey, dude, have you had a chance to scope the deets on the Holy Watchamacallit yet? We could really use it, so it'd be proppa if you could get on that.
questL11MacGuffin	finished	And one quick (though enjoyable) tickertape parade later, you're standing back in front of the Council Hall, picking bits of confetti out of your hair and wondering what you should do next.
questL12War	started	Hey, homes, we've heard some downlow intel that peeps on the Mysterious Island of Mystery are getting salty with each other. Those wacked-out hippies and gnarly frat boys seem about to start a war. I mean, those dudes don't really chill together regardless, but now they're thirsty for blood. Hella thirsty. This seems like a good time to really spark some stuff.<p>If you have time, could you scope out the sitch and make sure the war starts? It doesn't matter who wins or how it starts, just set it off.<p>Maybe the hippies will wipe out the frat boys, or maybe the frat boys will annihilate the hippies, or maybe they'll eradicate each other. It's kind of like watching two hot girls mud-wrestle -- no matter who loses, we win. Word.	Yo, homestar, have you got the war started on the island yet? If you can't heat things up, try assassinating Franz Ferdinand. That would totes twist some panties.
questL12War	step1	Man, you're tearing it up on the island, adventurer! Totally radical and gnarly! You've got those idiots, like, hella salty fighting each other. Now you've just got to end the war before those lame dork tourists start showing up.<p>Nah, you don't have to fight for one side in particular, dawg. We're not going to be all fascist and say what side to join. Heck, take out both sides! That'd be dope!<p>If you get bored doing this stuff--I mean, we know the world bores you when you're cool--you could chat up some of the other people who live on the island. Most of 'em are dweebs, but some might be able to help. Take it easy, brah!
questL12War	finished	That was totes gnarly, adventurer! You totally beat down those dweeboid hippies. The tourists are going to enjoy not having to hold their noses while they buy their lame, pointless souvenirs!<p>If only you had taken out those douchey frat boys, too. Oh, well. At least their margaritas are hella tight.<p>Wear this with pride--or, y'know, cool indifference.
questL13Final	started	You are seriously one bad mutha--sorry, I'll shut my mouth. The Council thinks you're ready to step up to that crazy sheila who's responsible for all this nonsense. Go lay some knowledge on that nonsense! Drop her like she's hot! Bounce her like a bad check! And free King Ralph, y'know, if you get around to it.<p>Go scope out her Lair, east of the Nearby Plains! Beat her down!	Yo, friend-o, the Naughty Sorceress is still out there going crazy on the murderous tip! You gots to totes drop her! She's in her Lair, east of the Nearby Plains!	Congratulations, bromide! You straight up 86'd the Naughty Sorceress and made all the wack daddies out there chill. Say, did you know she was your mother?<p>Nah, just messin' with you. But hey, you totes left the king imprismed up there. It'd be straight-up hella ignorant if you left him up there, because the monsters would keep on sweatin' the whole land and we'd be in absolute power still. Yup, that'd be some crazy messed-up plumbing.<p>You should probs let him fly, though. But, y'know, take your time. Comb your 'do, spiff your campsite, ghost ride your whip, whatever.<p>Seriously, no rush

# Heavy Rains
questL02Larva	started	We require your aid, Adventurer.  As you know, there's a freak storm happening right now that is dumping rain all over the Kingdom. Because of this, we naturally need a mosquito larva. The best place to find a mosquito larva is in the Spooky Forest, which is found in the Distant Woods.  We'll mark it on your map for you.	We still need a mosquito larva, Adventurer.  Please find us one in the Spooky Forest.
questL02Larva	finished	Thanks for the larva, Adventurer. This could be the key to ending the rain that's plaguing the Kingdom! Probably not, but it's worth a shot, right?
questL03Rat	started	We've received word that the owner of the Typical Tavern, in the Distant Woods, is having a bit of a rat problem.  I'm sure he'd reward you if you took care of it for him. And maybe bail out his basement while you're there. Honestly, if we'd have known it was going to rain in the Kingdom like, ever, we would have put a sump pump down there.	The Tavern Owner is still having rat problems, Adventurer. Why don't you splash or row your way to the Distant Woods and help him out?
questL04Bat	started	Adventurer, the bats in the Bat Hole have been even more restless than usual. The water is flooding their caves, washing away centuries-old guano deposits, and they're not happy about it. There have been rumors that the Boss Bat has vanished, to be replaced by some watery creature.<p>Naturally, we're going to stay inside where it's dry, but we figured you should go check it out. And, y'know, take out whatever creature is down there at the bottom.	We've heard that the Bathole is flooded, and there's some weird water creature down there. Is that true? I mean, no matter what's in there, we still need you to kill it and bring back some proof.
questL04Bat	finished	So the Boss Bat was all made out of water? That's incredibly weird.
questL05Goblin	started	We've gotten word, Adventurer, that the Knob Goblins, who normally keep to themselves over at Cobb's Knob, are planning a major military action. It must be due to the flooding that's inundated the Knob--they're in deep water over there, and they may be looking to expand their territory.<p>We need for you to go deep into the Knob and nip this problem in the bud, so to speak, by neutralizing the Goblin King.<p>Our spies have determined that there is a secret entrance that will allow you to access the inside of the Knob.  They recovered this map, but nobody knows how to read it.<p>You'll need to figure out how to decrypt the symbols on it if you're going to find that entrance.  And be careful with it, Adventurer.  Many Bothans died to... oh, wait, never mind.  That was something else.	We still need you to get into Cobb's Knob, Adventurer. Try searching through the mud in the Outskirts for a clue.
questL05Goblin	step1	Any luck with the Goblin King, Adventurer? Is he still in charge over there, or did the flood take him?
questL05Goblin	finished	Ah, you've slain the Goblin King? Oh, it wasn't him? It was some thing made out of water that only looked like him?<p>Well, that's pretty strange. Keep us posted, okay?
questL06Friar	started	The Deep Fat Friars in the Distant Woods have sent a request for aid, Adventurer. Their Copse was built on one of the soft places in the world, and the flood has only made the ground softer. Creatures from the depths of Hey Deze have begun to invade, and they are powerless against the demons.	The Friars are still bugging us about their flooded Copse, Adventurer. Please squelch on over to the Distant Woods and help them out, won't you?
questL07Cyrptic	started	Recently, an aura of extreme Spookiness has begun to emanate from within the Cyrpt, near the Misspelled Cemetary in the Nearby Plains.  We fear the floodwaters have released some ancient evil, and it's taken root deep inside.<p>Would you be so good as to investigate?  This device should help:	The Cyrpt is still radiating Spookiness, Adventurer, and the water isn't getting any shallower in there. Have you explored every nook and cranny?
questL07Cyrptic	finished	So there was a water dragon in the Cyrpt? Huh. That's unexpected. We thought it would just be an ancient skeletal dragon, like usual. This rain is absolutely crazy, Adventurer.
questL08Trapper	started	Adventurer!  We've received an urgent letter from the Trapper, requesting our assistance.  We're busy trying to move the archives to higher ground and plug the leaks in the ceiling, so we were hoping you could go out to his place and see what he wants.<p>He lives at the base of Mt. McLargeHuge, the tallest of the Big Mountains.  We'll mark it on your map for you.	The Trapper tells us you haven't finished helping him yet, Adventurer. So, y'know, get on that, will you?
questL09Topping	started	Sorry to trouble you with this, Adventurer, but we've gotten a... shall we say... cryptic message from Black Angus -- he's one of Loathing's minor nobles.<p>It's usually safe to ignore him, but he sounded pretty agitated, and the rain's got everyone so on edge that we can't afford to ignore him.<p>Could you do us a favor and go to his tower, in the Highlands?  The Highlands are just on the other side of the Orc Chasm.  We'll mark it on your map.	The Highland Lord, Black Angus, still needs your help, Adventurer.
questL10Garbage	started	Adventurer, in addition to the water raining down on the Nearby Plains, there's also a lot of giant garbage coming from above. It's turning all the puddles and mud into gross glop. Can you please investigate and see where it's coming from, and how to stop it?	Please try to figure out where the garbage is coming from, adventurer! Perhaps you'll find a clue where all the garbage is landing, in the Nearby Plains. Maybe you can get above the clouds? Man, that'd be nice. We haven't had dry socks in ages.
questL10Garbage	finished	The garbage has stopped falling, Adventurer! Great work. I don't suppose you found a way to stop the rain from doing the same?<p>Oh, well. Here, we found this during the cleanup. It's yours.
questL11MacGuffin	started	You can travel there from the Travel Agency at The Shore, but there's a slight hitch -- the area you're going to requires a passport for entry, and our passport offices are temporarily closed due to a tiny photograph shortage. You'll need to acquire some forged identification documents from the Black Market instead, but we're not entirely sure where the Black Market actually is. It's probably near the Black Forest, though, and we'll mark that on your map for you.	Any luck getting your father's diary and recovering the Holy MacGuffin? It's a pretty important whatchamacallit, so we'd appreciate it if you'd get on that right away. I mean, the flood's not getting any shallower.
questL11MacGuffin	finished	&quot;Wow! You actually brought back the Holy MacGuffin, Darzil? That's pretty darn impressive -- well done! Now we can pack it in an unlabelled wooden crate and stash it in a secret warehouse full of similar crates somewhere where it's likely that no one will ever see it again. Thanks for your help!&quot;<p>&quot;That's it?&quot; you ask. &quot;There wasn't some holy umbrella in there or anything?&quot; <p>&quot;Nah, we're afraid to open it, honestly. You'll have to stop the rain some other way. But I guess you deserve a reward. You like parades? We could throw a parade.&quot;<p>&quot;Sure.&quot;<p>So the Council throws you a ticker-tape parade, which gets soggy and gross pretty quickly in the never-ending rain. To be honest, you're pretty glad when it's over.
questL12War	started	Adventurer, we have heard rumors that trouble is brewing on the Mysterious Island of Mystery.  The hippies and frat boys have always been a little tense with each other, but the endless rain is really exacerbating the situation. The frat boys keep holding Wet T-Shirt Contests where the hippies are trying to have their Free Love Mudwrestling. Nothing ruins a wet t-shirt contest like a bunch of naked people, and nothing ruins a love-in like total pervs creeping on everyone. So nobody's happy except us. <p>We'd like you to go over there and make sure that war starts. We don't care how it starts and we don't care who wins.<p>Maybe the hippies will wipe out the frat boys, or maybe the frat boys will annihilate the hippies, or maybe they'll eradicate each other. No matter who loses, we win.	Hey, have you managed to start the war on the Mysterious Island yet? If you can't get them sufficiently worked up, try assassinating Franz Ferdinand. Historically, that tends to work.
questL12War	step1	Excellent work, adventurer! You've finally managed to get those idiots to fight each other. Now you've got to make sure the battle ends before the tourist season. We mean, assuming the rainy season ever stops. It's a miracle we haven't grown webbed feet yet!<p>Anyway, let's get this war over with, shall we? Get out there and rack up some casualties!<p>If you're not making enough progress, you should try helping some of the other denizens of the island. Unlike every other fantasy Kingdom in the world, if you're stuck you should visit every location and talk to everyone.
questL12War	finished	Good job, adventurer! You finally rid the island of those smelly hippies. The tourist trade is going to boom without them stinking up the place! Did you take out their leader, the Big Wisniewski?<p>Oh, there was some water-based copy of him there, instead? How bizarre. The rain, the crazy water mini-bosses...it's got to be connected somehow. Eh, we're sure you'll figure it out.<p>Now, if only there were something we could do about the frat boys. Oh well, at least they make good margaritas.<p>Here you go -- you're now a decorated war hero.  Don't let it go to your head.	Great work, adventurer! You finally rid the island of those smug bastard frat boys. The tourist trade is going to boom now that travelers don't have to worry about being forced to do beer bongs while being paddled. Now they can choose to be paddled without doing a beer bong or vice versa! Did you really stick it to the Man, the guy who pulls all the strings over there?<p>Oh, that's weird. the Aquaman? But without the green speedo and orange unitard? Huh. We can't help but think there may be a connection between the endless rain and all these mini-bosses made of sentient water. Eh, you'll figure it out.<p>Now if only there were something we could do about the hippies. Oh well, at least they're mostly non-violent. As long as you don't get close enough to smell them, they're okay.<p>Here you go -- you're now a decorated war hero.  Don't let it go to your head.
questL13Final	started	Adventurer, the time has come! Clouds are gathering thick and dark around the Sorceress's tower. She must be causing all the flooding! Put an end to her and you'll put an end to this whole soggy business.<p>Splash forth to her lair, east of the Nearby Plains, and wring her like a mop!
questL13Final	step13	So, it was the Rain King that was making all the rain? Well, we suppose that makes sense. Kings, man. You can't live with 'em, you can't leave 'em stuck in a prism where they can't do any harm while a representative democratic Council fairly and gently enforces order. Am I right?<p>I mean, you're an Adventurer, not a politician. It probably wouldn't do for you to meddle in affairs of state like re-establishing the monarchical status quo. Best to leave it to us.<p>Well, I mean, we can't stop you if you want to break the King's prism...and we suppose that is the heroic thing to do...aw, man. Just don't rush into it, okay? There's plenty of time. No hurry.

# Ed the Undying
questL02Larva	started	first mission: to obtain a mosquito larva from the Spooky Forest, within the Distant Woods. Do you wish to investigate this matter personally?"	"Were you able to find a mosquito larva, boss?' Amun asks.
questL02Larva	finished	You hand Amun the wriggling mosquito larva, and he looks at it blankly. "That is indeed a mosquito larva, boss," he says. "Well done."
questL03Rat	started	was to the Typical Tavern, in the Distant Woods," Amun says, as he marks its location on your map.	"Were you able to find any information at the Tavern, boss?" Amun asks.
questL04Bat	started	tasked with slaying a creature called the Boss Bat	"Were there any traces of the adventurer at the Bat Hole, boss?" Amun asks.
questL04Bat	finished	Well, at least you got a free belt, boss. That’s something."
questL05Goblin	started	The adventurer was to accomplish this by assassinating the Goblin King.	"Nope. Still can't figure out this map code dealie."
questL05Goblin	step1	"How is the investigation of Cobb's Knob proceeding, boss?" Amun asks.
questL06Friar	started	The adventurer's next quest was to aid the Deep Fat Friars, in the Distant Woods.	Who? Oh, those weird monks? Right. I'll get right on that.
questL07Cyrptic	started	investigate an ancient cyrpt near the Misspelled Cemetary.	"Is your investigation of the Cyrpt going well, boss?" Amun asks.
questL07Cyrptic	finished	"Discombobulated, yeah, you could say that."
questL08Trapper	started	find a Trapper who had requested the Council's assistance	"Were you able to locate the Trapper, boss?" Amun asks.
questL09Topping	started	Allow me to mark the location of the tower on your map.	"Were you able to find out anything from the Highland Lord, boss?"
questL10Garbage	step1	The adventurer's next mission was to investigate a rain of giant garbage that was falling on the Nearby Plains	"How goes your assessment of the Giants' castle, boss?" Amun asks. 
questL10Garbage	finished	found some traces of the adventurer on the Giants' kitchen counter
questL11MacGuffin	started	was to steal the Holy MacGuffin!	"Have you finished dealing with the guardians of your Staff, boss?"
questL12War	started	next task was to infiltrate one of the factions that live on the Mysterious Island nearby, and start a war.	"Have you been able to start a war on the Mysterious Island, boss?"
questL12War	step1	"My agents report that the war on the Mysterious Island is going nicely."
questL12War	finished	"Indeed, boss. By the way, my agents all chipped in and we got you a little something to commemorate your victory."
questL13Final	started	"Time to show a jumped-up errand-boy what happens when you cross Ed the Undying."	"Boss! You're back! How did it go?" 
questL13Warehouse	started	“There is a cave there called ‘Noob Cave’. There is a secret entrance to the warehouse in back of it.”	"I have faith that you will be successful, boss."
questL13Warehouse	finished	"Boss!" Amun exclaims. "You did it, didn't you? You retrieved the Holy MacGuffin!"

# West of Loathing
questL02Larva	started	Okay Cowboy, here's the first thing we need you to do: go find us a mosquito larva. Are you familiar with those? Probably not, since they don't live in the god-forsaken desert. It's like a little wriggly thing. You can find one in the Spooky Forest, which is in the Distant Woods. Here, I'd better write this down for you.	We still need a mosquito larva, pardner.  Please find us one, in the Spooky Forest.
questL02Larva	finished	Thanks for the larva, pardner.  We'll put this to good use. No, don't worry your rustic little head about it.
questL03Rat	started	We've received word that the owner of the Typical Tavern -- sorry, "Saloon" -- in the Distant Woods, is having a bit of a rat problem. I'm sure he'd reward you if you took care of it for him.	The owner of the Typical Tavern is still bugging us about his rat problems.  Go round them up, or rustle them, or whatever you do, okay?
questL04Bat	started	The Council requires another task of you, pardner.  You must slay the Boss Bat.  He can be found in the deepest part of the Bat Hole, in the Nearby Plains. Slay him, and return to us with proof of your conquest. Like, I dunno, his scalp or something. You're probably into that.	We're still waiting on you to kill the Boss Bat. It's not meant to be a duel or anything, you don't have to wait 'til "High Noon". He can be found in the Bat Hole, in the Nearby Plains.
questL04Bat	finished	You really did kill the Boss Bat! Good going! We used to have some fancy leather belts we'd give away as thanks for that kind of thing, but it looks like we're out. Oh well!
questL05Goblin	started	We've gotten word, pardner, that the Knob Goblins, who normally keep to themselves over at Cobb's Knob, are planning a major military action against Seaside Town. You know, they're "on the warpath".<p>We need for you to go deep into the Knob, and take care of the Goblin King. Basically, we want him "Dead or Alive", except really we just want him dead.<p>Our spies have determined that there is a secret entrance that will allow you to access the inside of the Knob.  They recovered this map, but nobody here knows how to read it, so I am 100% certain you don't either.<p>You'll need to figure out how to decrypt the symbols on it if you're going to find that entrance.	You need to find your way into Cobb's Knob, pardner.  Try looking around the Outskirts for a clue that might help you figure out that map we gave you.
questL05Goblin	step1	We're still waiting for you to kill the Goblin King, pardner. If you need motivation, just imagine he stole your horse or something.
questL05Goblin	finished	Good job killing the Goblin King, pardner. I guess I shouldn't be surprised that you're so good at this, since you come from a place that's known for being violent and lawless.
questL06Friar	started	Okay um, how do I explain this one to you... See, there're these guys in the Distant Woods called the Deep Fat Friars. I think you'd call them "Rev'rends" or something. Anyway, one of their rituals went bad, and they raised a devil, except literally. And a lot more than one. So we need you to ride out there and sort it out.	The Deep Fat Friars still need help. Better hop along, Cassidy.
questL07Cyrptic	started	Recently, an aura of extreme Spookiness has begun to emanate from within the Cyrpt, near the Misspelled Cemetary in the Nearby Plains.  We fear that some horrible monster has taken up residence there, and begun to rile up the local undead. They're "makin' a ruckus", you might say.<p>Head on over there and check it out for us, okay? Here, I'll loan you this... jeez, how do I explain it to you... you know a dowsing rod, right? Like a forked stick you guys use to find water, as if that were a real thing? Well think of this as a dowsing rod for evil.	Things are still pretty spooky out at the Cyrpt, pardner. Better get those spurs to jinglin'.
questL07Cyrptic	finished	A skeletal dragon? Are you sure it wasn't a "chalupacabra" or something? Ha ha nah just kidding. Thanks for your help, seriously.
questL08Trapper	started	Adventurer!  Say, here's just the job for you --  we got a letter from a fur trapper out in the mountains. He seems like somebody you could relate to, right?  Why don't you "git along little doggie" and go see what he wants?<p>He lives at the base of Mt. McLargeHuge, the tallest of the Big Mountains.  We'll mark it on your map for you.	According to our Big City magic, you've still got unfinished business with the Trapper.
questL09Topping	started	Hey, sorry to interrupt your calf-roping or branding or wagon-circling or whatever, but we've gotten a message from one of the local nobles, a lord named Black Angus. 'Lord' is a political thing, I guess the closest title you'd be used to is 'Governor', or something like that. Anyway he's a pretty important guy so I probably shouldn't entrust this to -- let's be honest here -- a country bumpkin, but you've been doing a pretty good job so far I guess. Just go see what he wants, it's probably not that complicated. Here, we'll mark the place on your map.	Did you finish helping the Highland Lord? No? Well what in "tarnation" are you doing back here then?
questL10Garbage	started	Say, did you notice all that garbage out on the Nearby Plains? Since you're new around here, I figure I should point out that it's not usually like that. I'd ask you to go clean it up for us, but maybe if you could find out where it's actually coming from and stop it at the source, that would be more efficient.	We're still waiting on you to fix that whole garbage situation out in the Nearby Plains. Giddyap!
questL10Garbage	finished	Was it you that fixed the whole giant garbage situation? Well I'll be an armadillo's great-aunt, or some other similar down-home colloquialism. Here, have a piece of garbage as a memento of your fine work.
questL11MacGuffin	started	You can travel there from the Travel Agency at The Shore, but there's a slight hitch -- the area you're going to requires a passport for entry, and we can't issue you one because you aren't actually a native resident. You'll have to acquire some forged identification documents from the Black Market instead. We're not entirely sure where the Black Market actually is, but it's probably near the Black Forest. We'll mark that on your map for you.	Any luck getting your father's diary and recovering the Holy MacGuffin? It's a pretty important whatchamacallit, so we'd appreciate it if you'd get on that right away. If it helps with the sense of urgency, just imagine there's a twister a-comin', or something like that.
questL11MacGuffin	finished	Wow! You actually brought back the Holy MacGuffin, Bale? That's pretty darn impressive, especially for a backwoods country bumpkin. ...I'm sorry, I guess that's pretty insulting of me. Let's say "backwoods country hayseed" instead. Anyway, thanks for your help! We held a parade in honor of the MacGuffin's arrival, but I think everyone assumed someone else would tell you about it. We saved you a handful of confetti, though.
questL12War	started	Hey there, cowpoke -- we've got another job for you. We've heard rumors that trouble is brewing on the Mysterious Island of Mystery. The hippies and frat boys are agitating for war. I mean, they've always been a little tense with each other, but now it's getting serious. We couldn't be happier.<p>We'd like you to go over there and make sure that war starts. We don't care how it starts and we don't care who wins, so there's basically no way for you to screw this up, so long as you don't accidentally negotiate a peace accord. Try not to do that.	Hey, have you managed to start the war on the Mysterious Island yet? I can't imagine it'd be very difficult, especially for someone with such a lawless and violent background. If you can't get them sufficiently worked up, try assassinating Franz Ferdinand. Historically, that tends to work.
questL12War	step1	Excellent work, pardner! You've finally managed to get those idiots to fight each other. Now you've got to make sure the battle ends before the tourist season. I mean, would you rather go visit the &quot;beautiful tropical island&quot; or the &quot;body-strewn war zone?&quot;<p>Well, there's no accounting for taste. We happen to believe most people would prefer the beautiful tropical island. Get out there and rack up some casualties so we can get this over with, will you? Scratch that itchy trigger-finger of yours.<p>If you're not making enough progress, you should try helping some of the other denizens of the island. Unlike every other fantasy Kingdom in the world, if you're stuck you should visit every location and talk to everyone. Remeber: talk <i>before</i> shoot
questL12War	finished	Good job, pardner! You finally rid the island of those smelly hippies. You probably didn't notice yourself, but those guys really do stink. The tourist trade is going to boom without them hanging around!<p>Now, if only there were something we could do about the frat boys. Oh well, at least they make good margaritas.<p>Here you go -- you're now a decorated war hero.  Don't let it go to your head. And yes, it's real, you don't have to bite it to make sure.
questL13Final	started	Howdy, pardner!  We've recently received word that the Naughty Sorceress is holding some sort of contest.  We don't know what it means, but we know it doesn't mean anything good, and despite the fact that your chances of winning are probably zero plus or minus negative zero, we have decided that it is time for you to embark upon your final quest.  Seek out and destroy the Naughty Sorceress, who has plagued these lands for so long, and rescue King Ralph XI, whom she has imprismed.	Giddyap, cowhand! You must defeat the Naughty Sorceress, so that we don't have to ask someone more valuable to do it!  You'll find her Lair just east of the Nearby Plains.<p>Her lair is east of the Nearby Plains. Good luck! We're all rootin'-tootin' for ya!
questL13Final	step13	Congratulations, pardner! You have defeated the Naughty Sorceress and brought peace to the land again. Say, did you know she was your mother?<p>Nah, just kidding. Nobody knows who your mother is. Anyway, I notice you left the king imprismed up there. It would be horrible if you left him there, because then the monsters would continue to fight adventurers and we would continue to have absolute power throughout the land. Yup, that sure would be a drag.<p>I guess you should probably go free him, though. But, y'know, take your time. If there's anything really important you have to do first, like flossing your horse or whittling, just go ahead and do that.<p>Seriously, no rush.

# Zombie Slayer
questL02Larva	started	Yes. Mosquitoes spread all kinds of diseases, after all. Go get one in the Spooky Forest, which is within the Distant Woods. Here, push your map under the door, and I'll mark the location for you.
questL02Larva	finished	"Hey in there!" you call out. "I found you a mosquito larva."
questL03Rat	started	"Yes, the cellar there is generally swarming with them. No need to bring us back a sample this time, just clean the place out and report back. Let us know if any of the rats are behaving... strangely."
questL04Bat	started	"The next potential plague-vector we need you to check out is the Bat Hole, in the Nearby Plains. Go kill the Boss Bat and bring us back some kind of sample for us to test."
questL04Bat	finished	"Okay, I brought you a sample from the Boss Bat," you say, pushing the bandanna under the door.
questL05Goblin	started	"Correct. And to do that you'll have to go right to the top -- neutralize the Goblin King. We have a map here, but unfortunately it's encrypted with some kind of Knob Goblin cypher, so you'll need to figure that out first."
questL05Goblin	step1	"I need a little more time," you say. "He's pretty well defended."
questL05Goblin	finished	"Okay," you call through the panic-room door. "I killed the Goblin King."
questL06Friar	started	"We've just received a radio transmission from the Deep Fat Friars in the Distant Woods," the Councillor says. "Some kind of distress signal."
questL07Cyrptic	started	"After some debate, we've decided that the most constructive location for you to investigate next would be the Cyrpt, near the Misspelled Cemetary in the Nearby Plains."
questL07Cyrptic	finished	"I've cleared out the Cyrpt," you tell the Councillor through the locked door. "There wasn't anything unusual going on there, though. Or, well, nothing <i>unexpected</i>. I brought you the Bonerdagon's skull just in case, though. But it's not going to fit under the door, so you'll have to open up and let me in."
questL08Trapper	started	"We've gotten another SOS call for you to check out," the Councillor says. "This one's from John the Trapper. He lives at the base of Mt. McLargeHuge, the tallest of the Big Mountains. Push your map under the door and I'll mark it for you."
questL09Topping	started	"We've gotten another urgent distress call," says the voice. "This one is from Black Angus."
questL10Garbage	started	"Well, no. Apparently there are giant piles of garbage falling out of the sky at the Nearby Plains," replies the Councillor. "We need you to find out what's going on, and put a stop to it."
questL10Garbage	finished	"No need," you reply. "The zombies have eaten most of the garbage already. All that was left was this sweet thing I found."
questL11MacGuffin	started	"As it happens," he replies, "your father was researching an ancient artifact known as the Holy MacGuffin. Now, I don't know anything about it myself, but it seems to me that something called the Holy MacGuffin is probably pretty handy to have when there's a plague of undead on your doorstep, wouldn't you say?"
questL11MacGuffin	finished	"You've recovered the Holy MacGuffin?" the Councillor asks. "Quick, shove it under the door!"
questL12War	started	"I've gotten some reports of trouble brewing on the Mysterious Island of Mystery," the Councillor says. "It sounds like the hippies and frat boys are gearing up for war."
questL12War	step1	"Well, I did it," you tell the panic-room door. "The hippies and frat boys have started an all-out war."
questL12War	finished	"Look in the supply crates and see if we have any medals or anything. Yeah, that'll do." He pushes a medal underneath the door. "There you are, now you're a decorated war hero. Congratulations."
questL13Final	started	"The Naughty Sorceress. Her lair is to the east of the Nearby Plains. You must seek her out and destroy her!"
questL13Final	step13	"I did it!" you excitedly shout to the panic-room door. "I defeated the Naughty Sorceress, and oh man, just wait till I tell you what happened next!"


# Gelatinous Noob
questL02Larva	started	Okay, you're in luck, because I found a quest that's perfect for an adventurer of your... stature. We need you to go out to the marshy part of the Spooky Forest, and bring us back a mosquito larva. I bet you get mosquitoes trying to breed in you all the time, so this should be really easy for you. In case you aren't actually from the Spooky Forest, I'll mark it on your map -- it's in the Distant Woods. Hang on, let me find a real long pencil that I don't care about.	I can kind of see some things wriggling around inside you, but I think they're just bubbles. We need you to bring us a mosquito larva from the Spooky Forest.
questL02Larva	finished	Oh nice, you brought back a mosquito larva! Great, let me just get that... out of you. Fortunately, our janitor was able to lend me a pair of tongs.
questL03Rat	started	So, since you've proven that you can understand instructions and aren't just a gelatinous mass that happened to roll into here at random, I've got another quest for you. We've received word that the owner of the Typical Tavern is having a bit of a rat problem; I'm sure he'd reward you if you took care of it for him. Technically, you shouldn't be allowed inside because of health code regulations, but, well, it's the kind of place where that probably doesn't really matter.	The owner of the Typical Tavern is still bugging us about his rat problems.  Perhaps you could help him? Without getting any of yourself in the beer barrels?
questL04Bat	started	Anyway, we need someone (or something) to kill the Boss Bat.  He can be found in the deepest part of the Bat Hole, in the Nearby Plains.  Slay him, and return to us with undigested proof of your conquest.	You haven't killed the Boss Bat yet... I can understand if you're worried about getting guano... in you? But this does need to get done. He can be found in the Bat Hole, in the Nearby Plains.
questL04Bat	finished	Well done!  You have slain the Boss Bat. Feel free to keep whatever part of him that is that I can see floating around in there.
questL05Goblin	started	Okay, this is kind of a big one. Ordinarily we wouldn't entrust this sort of mission to an undifferentiated all-purpose blob, but you've proven yourself fairly capable so far and we pride ourselves on being inclusive. We've just gotten word that the Knob Goblins, who normally keep to themselves over at Cobb's Knob, are planning a major military action against Seaside Town. We need for you to get into the Knob, and neutralize the Goblin King. Like, permanently. Like... digest him, or whatever you do.	You haven't killed the Boss Bat yet... I can understand if you're worried about getting guano... in you? But this does need to get done. He can be found in the Bat Hole, in the Nearby Plains.<br><br><p>You need to find your way into Cobb's Knob, Blobventurer.  Try looking around the Outskirts for a clue that might help you figure out that map we gave you. Or maybe a nervous system with some sort of centralized brain that can process data? That seems to me like something you would need to have, but hey what do I know?
questL05Goblin	step1	We still need you to neutralize the Goblin King, Blobventurer!
questL05Goblin	finished	Great job killing the Goblin King! Boy, I wish I could have seen his face. ...You know, I think I <i>can</i> see a little of his face in there. Excuse me while I go throw up forever.
questL06Friar	started	The Deep Fat Friars in the Distant Woods are having a problem -- one of their weird religiomagical experiments has gone awry, and some things their letter calls "fey creatures" have invaded their grove. I think that means demons? Say, you wouldn't happen to be...? Nah, you don't look particularly demonic. Anyway, we'd like you to slither out that way and see if you can sort it out.	The Deep Fat Friars still require assistance.  I'm not sure how they'll feel about someone as... moist as you showing up, but you're what we've got right now. You can find them in the Distant Woods.
questL07Cyrptic	started	Recently, an aura of extreme Spookiness has begun to emanate from within the Cyrpt, near the Misspelled Cemetary. We fear that some horrible monster has taken up residence there -- more horrible than you, even! Ha ha, nah, I'm just teasing ya, you seem like a good... mass.	The Spookiness still emanates from the Cyrpt, Blobventurer.  See if you can find and destroy the source, okay?
questL07Cyrptic	finished	Is that some kind of dragon skull I see floating around inside of you? Along with all those other miscellaneous partially-digested bones? Well, you have our thanks for your courageous act of... well, not exactly undefilement, considering. But at least you've replaced the old defilement with a different, lesser defilement that can probably be cleared up with a decent mop.
questL08Trapper	started	Blobventurer!  We've received an urgent letter from the Trapper, requesting your assistance. Well, not yours specifically, but you know. He lives at the base of Mt. McLargeHuge, the tallest of the Big Mountains. Hopefully cold isn't a problem for you? I don't know if you're susceptible to freezing solid or anything. Maybe if you did, you could walk around like a regular person instead of just sludging about?	Hey there, it seems like you're still working on that business with the Trapper, I guess? Probably the cold is slowing you down, like molasses or something. Still, it's gotta be done.
questL09Topping	started	Sorry to trouble you with this, Blobventurer, but we've gotten a... shall we say... cryptic message from Black Angus -- he's one of Loathing's minor nobles.	The Highland Lord, Black Angus, still needs your help, Blobventurer. Well, 'needs' is probably a strong way of putting it, but he's going to bug us until he gets it, so it works out to the same thing.
questL10Garbage	started	Something is amiss, Blobventurer.  The Nearby Plains are filling up with giant piles of garbage, and despite our best efforts, it keeps falling from the sky faster than we can clean it up.  We need you to figure out where it's coming from, and put a stop to it. To be honest, some of the Council wanted to just use you as a garbage disposal and get rid of it that way, but I figure it's better to treat the problem at its source and not just the symptoms, and you've proven yourself pretty competent for a weird-smelling jello person.	Please try to figure out where this garbage is coming from, Blobventurer!  Perhaps you can find a clue by poking around the Nearby Plains? I know that's a lot of ground to cover for what is essentially a giant flan, but we believe in you.
questL10Garbage	finished	We're not sure what you did, Blobventurer, but the garbage finally stopped falling. Thanks a lot!
questL11MacGuffin	started	Ah, Samuel Spade, excellent timing. We've just received a message from the Distant Lands -- it seems that your... uh... this can't be right. Do you even have a father? This message says a renowned archaeologist has gone missing, and says he's your father. Were you originally a regular person? You know what, I'm just gonna resolve not to think about it very hard.	Any luck getting your father's -- I mean, that probably unrelated archaeologist's -- diary and recovering the Holy MacGuffin? It's a pretty important whatchamacallit, so we'd appreciate it if you'd get on that right away.
questL11MacGuffin	finished	Wow! You actually brought back the Holy MacGuffin, Samuel Spade? That's pretty darn impressive -- well done! Now we can pack it in an unlabelled wooden crate and stash it in a secret warehouse full of similar crates somewhere where it's likely that no one will ever see it again. Thanks for your help!
questL12War	started	Blobventurer, we have heard rumors that trouble is brewing on the Mysterious Island of Mystery. The hippies and frat boys are agitating for war. I mean, they've always been a little tense with each other, but now it's getting serious. It's great! We couldn't be happier.	Hey, have you managed to start the war on the Mysterious Island yet? If you can't get them sufficiently worked up, try assassinating Franz Ferdinand. Historically, that tends to work. I guess, failing that, just dress up in one side's uniform and drip goop all around the other side's base?
questL12War	step1	Excellent work, Blobventurer! You've finally managed to get those idiots to fight each other. Now you've got to make sure the battle ends before the tourist season. I mean, would you rather go visit the &quot;beautiful tropical island&quot; or the &quot;body-strewn war zone?&quot;
questL12War	finished	Let me just... drop this medal into you, I guess? There -- you're now a decorated war hero.  Don't let it go to your... pseudopod.
questL13Final	started	Blobventurer!  We've recently received word that the Naughty Sorceress is holding some sort of contest.  We don't know what it means, but we know it doesn't mean anything good, and as such, we have decided that it is time for you to embark upon your final quest.  Seek out and destroy the Naughty Sorceress, who has plagued these lands for so long, and rescue King Ralph XI, whom she has imprismed.	Be strong, Blobventurer, despite your gooey moistness! You must defeat the Naughty Sorceress!  You'll find her Lair just east of the Nearby Plains.
questL13Final	step13	Congratulations, Blobventurer! You have defeated the Naughty Sorceress and brought peace to the land again. ...Usually, I'd make a little joke about how she was your mother, but that seems pretty obviously unlikely unless she was getting up to some stuff that's <i>way</i> naughtier than anyone anticipated.

# License to Adventure
questL02Larva	started	Your mission, Agent, should you choose to accept it (you have no choice), is to procure the latest mosquito larva from the Spooky Forest. Security is tight, and we can't tell you why we need it, but it's of the utmost importance. The coordinates are in this file.	How dare you blow your cover and show up here without completing your mission. Get us that mosquito larva!
questL02Larva	finished	Mission accomplished! You've served your Kingdom well by obtaining the larva.
questL03Rat	started	Word is, we've got a rat in the organization. Several actually. Talk to our contact in the Typical Tavern for the details.	Have you outed the rats? We're all in danger until you visit the Typical Tavern and take care of the problems.
questL04Bat	started	Your next target is a local crime boss, the Boss Bat.  He's gone deep underground in the Nearby Plains and built up an army of bats.  He'll only live once, so kill him and bring back proof of unlife.	The Boss Bat is still alive isn't he? Do your job.
questL04Bat	finished	Well done! You've brought us a view to your killing of the Boss Bat!
questL05Goblin	started	Word on the dark net is that the Knob Goblins, who normally keep to themselves over at Cobb's Knob, are planning a major military action against Seaside Town.	Scout around the the Outskirts for some intel on decrypting that map.
questL05Goblin	step1	What are you doing here? You'll blow your cover and we'll lose our shot at the Goblin King!
questL05Goblin	finished	Well done agent, kill confirmed. Looks like the Goblin King's entire network has fallen apart in his absence.
questL06Friar	started	Something has scared the living daylights out of the Deep Fat Friars. We're deploying you in their grove to see what assistance you can provide.	You need to get control of the situation with the Deep Fat Friars, get back to the Distant Woods.
questL07Cyrptic	started	Seems like there is a new terrorist cell in the Cyrpt, near the Misspelled Cemetary. We suspect there's a ring-leader activating all the local eternal-sleeper cells. Take this gadget from Q-Branch and root him out:	The terrorist have won. Er, are still winning in the Cyrpt. Get back there and sort it out.
questL07Cyrptic	finished	Ah, yes, the Bonerdagon, that notorious underground terrorist. Good job.
questL08Trapper	started	Grab your bag, Agent, you're on the next flight to the Big Mountains. Seems like our operative there, codename the Trapper, needs assistance.	Diamonds are forever, but that ore isn't. Get back and finish the job with Trapper.
questL09Topping	started	Cross the Orc Chasm and do what it takes to make Angus happy.	I know it'd be easier to live and let Black Angus die, but we can't afford that right now, politically.
questL10Garbage	started	Agent, we need you go report to the Nearby Plains and investigate the current bout of anti-eco-terrorism. Giant piles of garbage keep falling from the sky, like some moonraker is up there knocking them down. It's your mission to stop this scourge.	Report back to the Nearby Plains and solve this ecological garbage crisis.
questL10Garbage	finished	Well done, Agent. The garbage has stopped falling. Whatever you did, it worked. Here's a token in honor of your service.
questL11MacGuffin	started	we have a complicated mission for you. It seems the father of a distant lands spy has gone missing while searching for a powerful artifact, the Holy MacGuffin. We've stolen his diary and it's stuck in customs in the Distant Lands.	Any luck impersonating the son of the distant lands agent and obtaining the MacGuffin based on the intel in his diary?
questL11MacGuffin	finished	Now we can ship this MacGuffin off for storage at Area 52, so no one can use it.
questL12War	started	Ok, this mission is going to sound a little bit like the various terrorist and criminal plots that you're normally stopping... but we're the good guys, so it's OK.	The Mysterious Island still seems awfully stable. Do we need to send another agent? The world is not enough space for those groups to co-exist. This should be easy!
questL12War	step1	Great, you've started the war.
questL12War	finished	Good job Agent. We told you to make a big public spectacle of ending the war. The frat boys will be much easier to control with their numbers decimated. You deserve a medal!
questL13Final	started	We've recently intercepted chatter suggesting that a shadowy figure is holding some sort of contest. We believe that this may be the leader of the secretive organization behind all the recent criminal activity. Your mission is to enter this contest and destroy this criminal. He's hosting the contest in the Lair of the Naughty Sorceress. If our sources our correct, he had her killed after one too many failures, and took over her lair.	Head to the Naughty Sorceress's lair and take care of the villain now residing there.
questL13Final	step13	We couldn't help but notice that you defeated "Blofeld" and then left the King trapped above the lair. You should probably head back there and free him when you get a chance. You do work for him, after all.

# Pocket Familiars
questL05Goblin	finished	"Thank you for slaying the Goblin King, Adventurer."<p>"Actually it was that kid again. Jeremy Something-or-other. He's a real jerk."<p>"Spiky hair, popped collar? He's always coming here asking for quests so he can get 'EXPs' for his 'pokéfams'. None of us have any idea what that means."<p>"Well," you begin, "'Pokéfams' is short for 'pocket familiars', and--"<p>"Not actually interested," the Councilman says. "Thanks for taking care of that goblin whatever, we'll let you know if we need anything else."
questL07Cyrptic	finished	"Aha!  So the Spookiness was coming from this abominable creature, was it?"<p>"Well, I assume so," you say. "Jerry had already killed it by the time I got there."<p>"Jerry's that kid's name?" the Councilman asks.<p>"Yeah. He's rude as hell."<p>"Is that good or bad? I can't keep up with the lingo you kids use these days."

# Disguises Delimit
questL02Larva	started	We require your aid, Masked Adventurer. We need a mosquito larva. Don't ask why, because we won't tell you. It definitely isn't for wild Masquerade party stunts or for making fake mezcal. In any case, the best place to find a mosquito larva is in the Spooky Forest, which is found in the Distant Woods. We'll mark it on your map for you.	We still need a mosquito larva, Masked Adventurer. Please find us one, in the Spooky Forest.
questL02Larva	finished	Thanks for the larva, Masked Adventurer. We'll put this to hilarious use.
questL03Rat	started	We've received word that the owner of the Typical Tavern, or at least someone who is standing behind the bar at the Typical Tavern, in the Distant Woods, is having a bit of a rat problem. I'm sure he'd reward you if you took care of it for him.	The owner of the Typical Tavern is still bugging us about his rat problems. Perhaps you could help him?
questL04Bat	started	The Council requires another task of you, Masked Adventurer. You must slay the Bo-- uh, the Bonerdagon! Yes, already, ha ha! He can be found in the deepest part of the Bat Hole, in the Nearby Plains. Slay him, and return to us with proof of your conquest!	You have not yet slain the Bonerdagon. He can be found in the Bat Hole, in the Nearby Plains.
questL04Bat	finished	You have slain the Bonerdagon! Good job taking on such a difficult boss so early, ha ha!
questL05Goblin	started	We need for you to go deep into the Knob, and nip this problem in the bud, so to speak, by neutralizing the ancient mummy Ed the Undying.	You need to find your way into Cobb's Knob, Adventurer. Try looking around the Outskirts for a clue that might help you figure out that map we gave you.
questL05Goblin	step1	We still need you to neutralize Ed the Undying, Adventurer! You know, the one in Cobb's Knob.
questL05Goblin	finished	Thank you for slaying Ed the Undying, Adventurer! That'll teach him to try and spoil our party!
questL06Friar	started	The Deep Fat Friars in the Distant Woods are having a problem, besides the fact that they're too stodgy and dignified to wear fun masks. One of their experiments has gone awry, and fey creatures have invaded their grove. Please, Masked Adventurer, lend them your assistance!	The Deep Fat Friars still require your assistance. You can find them in the Distant Woods.
questL07Cyrptic	started	Recently, an aura of extreme, um... Hairyness? has begun to emanate from within the Cyrpt, near the Misspelled Cemetary. We fear that some horrible monster has taken up residence there, and begun to rile up the local... devils and robots and stuff?	The Hairyness still emanates from the Cyrpt, Masked Adventurer.  See if you can find and destroy the source, and bring us back proof of your conquest.
questL07Cyrptic	finished	Aha!  So the Hairyness was coming from this <i>abominable</i> creature, was it? Ha ha, see what I did there? Well, you have our thanks, Masked Adventurer, for your courageous act of undefilement.
questL08Trapper	started	Masked Adventurer! We've received an urgent letter from the Trapper, requesting our assistance. I don't know if he's doing the whole Masquerade thing or not, but he signed his letter "The Trapper", so probably not. He's been out in the wilderness for a long time, and kinda forgot how to have fun, if you ask me. Anyway, we're all, like, really busy partying right now, so we were hoping you could go out to his place and see what he wants.	You still have unfinished business with the Trapper, Masked Adventurer.
questL09Topping	started	Sorry to trouble you with this, Adventurer, but we've gotten a cryptic message from, well, someone wearing a mask. But if I'm being honest, it's probably Black Angus -- he's one of Loathing's minor nobles.<p>It's usually safe to ignore him, but he sounded pretty agitated, and given the current political climate we can scarcely afford to ignore him.<p>Could you do us a favor and go to his tower, in the Highlands?  The Highlands are just on the other side of the Orc Chasm.  We'll mark it on your map.	The Masked Guy who is presumably the Highland Lord, Black Angus, still needs your help, Masked Adventurer.
questL10Garbage	started	Something is amiss, Adventurer.  The Nearby Plains are filling up with giant piles of garbage, and despite our best efforts, it keeps falling from the sky faster than we can clean it up. A big celebration like we've got going on here always produces a ton of litter and trash, but usually not quite like this. We need you to figure out where it's coming from, and put a stop to it. Can't have a load of garbage stinking up the place during the festivities!	Please try to figure out where this garbage is coming from, Masked Adventurer! Perhaps you can find a clue by poking around the Nearby Plains.
questL10Garbage	finished	We're not sure what you did, Masked Adventurer, but the garbage finally stopped falling. Thanks a lot! Now we'll only have to deal with, like, glitter and confetti and broken strings of beads and so on.<p>Oh, by the way -- we found this in the garbage when we were cleaning up, and thought you might have some use for it. It'll go great with your costume!
questL11MacGuffin	started	Ah, Masked Adventurer, excellent timing. We've just received a message from the Distant Lands -- it seems that your father, the renowned archaeologist, has gone missing. Apparently, his life's work was to track down an ancient relic known only as the Holy MacGuffin. He left behind his diary, with instructions that it was to be delivered to you -- whoever you are -- but he didn't leave any funds to pay for shipping. So, you'll have to go pick it up yourself.	Any luck getting your father's diary and recovering the Holy MacGuffin? It's a pretty important whatchamacallit, so we'd appreciate it if you'd get on that right away.
questL11MacGuffin	finished	Wow! You actually brought back the Holy MacGuffin, Masked Adventurer? That's pretty darn impressive -- well done! Now we can pack it in an unlabelled wooden crate and stash it in a secret warehouse full of similar crates somewhere where it's likely that no one will ever see it again. Thanks for your help! And speaking of help, help yourself to some confetti! We have crates and crates of the stuff.
questL12War	started	Adventurer, we have heard rumors that trouble is brewing on the Mysterious Island of Mystery. The... guys in masks, are agitating for war. With the other guys in masks. I bet someone accidentally said the wrong thing to the wrong person because they didn't realize who they were talking to. You know how it goes.<p>We'd like you to go over there and make sure that war starts. We don't care how it starts and we don't care who wins, so there's basically no way for you to screw this up, so long as you don't accidentally negotiate a peace accord. Try not to do that.	Hey, have you managed to start the war on the Mysterious Island yet? If you can't get them sufficiently worked up, try assassinating someone wearing a Franz Ferdinand mask. That would be pretty funny!
questL12War	step1	Excellent work, adventurer! You've finally managed to get those idiots to fight each other. Now you've got to make sure the battle ends before the tourist season. I mean, would you rather go visit the &quot;beautiful tropical island&quot; or the &quot;body-strewn war zone?&quot;<p>Well, there's no accounting for taste. We happen to believe most people would prefer the beautiful tropical island. Get out there and rack up some casualties so we can get this over with, will you?<p>If you're not making enough progress, you should try helping some of the other denizens of the island. Unlike every other fantasy Kingdom in the world, if you're stuck you should visit every location and talk to everyone
questL12War	finished	Good job, Masked Adventurer! You finally rid the island of those smelly hippies. The tourist trade is going to boom without them stinking up the place!<p>Now, if only there were something we could do about the frat boys. Oh well, at least they make good margaritas.<p>Here you go -- you're now a decorated war hero.  Don't let it go to your head.	(TBC)
questL13Final	started	Masked Adventurer!  We've recently received word that the Nau-- <font size = 1>(What mask is she wearing? ...What, really? Well okay...)</font> the Boss Bat is holding some sort of contest.  We don't know what it means, but we know it doesn't mean anything good, and as such, we have decided that it is time for you to embark upon your final quest.  Seek out and destroy the Boss Bat, who has plagued these lands for so long, and rescue King... Somebody, whom she has imprismed.<p>Go forth to her Lair, east of the Nearby Plains!  Beat her down!	Be strong, Masked Adventurer! You must defeat the Boss Bat! You'll find her Lair just east of the Nearby Plains.
questL13Final	step13	Congratulations, Masked Adventurer! You have defeated the Boss Bat and brought peace to the land again. Say, did you know she was your mother? And not really a bat?

# Dark Gyffte
questL02Larva	started	We require your aid, Adventurer.  We need a mosquito larva -- we figured that'd be up your alley because, you know, mosquitoes	We still need a mosquito larva, Adventurer.  Please find us one, in the Spooky Forest. Come on, you should feel right at home there.
questL02Larva	finished	Thanks for bringing us a mosquito larva. Hope you aren't feeling like you've betrayed your own kind
questL03Rat	started	We've received word that the owner of the Typical Tavern, in the Distant Woods, is having a bit of a rat problem.  I'm sure he'd reward you if you took care of it for him. Plus, y'know, free lunch!	The owner of the Typical Tavern is still bugging us about his rat problems.  Perhaps you could help him? Just don't drink his blood.
questL04Bat	started	The Council requires another task of you, Adventurer.  You must slay the Boss Bat.  He can be found in the deepest part of the Bat Hole, in the Nearby Plains.  Slay him, and return to us with proof of your conquest.	You have not yet slain the Boss Bat.  He can be found in the Bat Hole, in the Nearby Plains, but you can probably just sense his presence with your spooky bat powers, right?
questL04Bat	finished	Well done!  You have slain the Boss Bat!
questL05Goblin	started	We've gotten word, Adventurer, that the Knob Goblins, who normally keep to themselves over at Cobb's Knob, are planning a major military action against Seaside Town. We need for you to go deep into the Knob, and nip this problem in the bud, so to speak, by neutralizing the Goblin King.	You need to find your way into Cobb's Knob, Adventurer.  Try looking around the Outskirts for a clue that might help you figure out that map we gave you. Maybe you could sneak around in spooky mist form? Can you do that? Actually maybe don't tell me if you can do that.
questL05Goblin	step1	We still need you to neutralize the Goblin King, Adventurer! I imagine goblin blood probably tastes weird, but you can still stab him or something.
questL06Friar	started	The Deep Fat Friars in the Distant Woods are having a problem -- one of the experiments has gone awry, and fey creatures have invaded their grove.  Please, Adventurer, lend them your assistance.	The Deep Fat Friars still require your assistance.  You can find them in the Distant Woods. Don't drink their blood.
questL07Cyrptic	started	It's in a crypt. Specifically, the Cyrpt near the Misspelled Cemetary in the Nearby Plains. You like crypts, right?	The Spookiness still emanates from the Cyrpt, Adventurer.  See if you can find and destroy the source, and bring us back proof of your conquest. Unless that source is you?

# Kingdom of Exploathing

questL02Larva	started	Even after all this, they want a mosquito larva from the Spooky Forest for some reason.
questL03Rat	started	The explosion apparently didn't solve the rat problem at the Typical Tavern.
questL04Bat	started	The Bat Hole somehow survived all this nonsense, and still has the Boss Bat in it.
questL05Goblin	step1	Cobb's Knob is floating around menacingly and you should probably kill the king before they try something funny.
questL06Friar	started	Even though the Deep Fat Friars are now floating in an endless void, they're still asking the government of that endless void for help.
questL07Cyrptic	started	The Cyrpt is evil, and what's even worse is that now it's SPACE EVIL.  You grab an Evilometer from a box next to the list.
questL08Trapper	started	The trapper, unperturbed by the fact that his mountain is no longer connected to the world, needs some help.
questL09Topping	started	The Highland Lord has sent us another one of his "emergency" requests.
questL10Garbage	step7	There's a tremendous amount of space junk floating around.  The astronomers thought it was really close but it turns out it's just really large.  Probably the giants.  Deal with 'em, would ya?
questL11MacGuffin	started	Near the bottom of the chore list is a note about a package that arrived for you.  No, wait, it's not for you, it's for Bramlet Abercrombie.  My mistake.
questL12HippyFrat	started	There's only like sixty square feet of the Mysterious Island left, and the hippies and frat boys have gone to war for control of it. That needs to be resolved.
questL12HippyFrat	finished	A passing Council member gives you a thumbs up (and some weird Meat) and thanks you for dealing with the Hippy / Frat war.

# Path of the Plumber
questL02Larva	started	let's get down to business! The first thing we need you to do is go to the Spooky Woods and find a mosquito larva for us! I know, I know -- that doesn't sound very important. It's just... it's like a tradition, okay? It's the traditional first step for heroes around here. I'll be honest, I don't even really remember why. Just think of it as like the first level, where you find out what your weird new ability is for this game. I mean adventure.
questL02Larva	finished	Oh hey, that's a nice-looking mosquito larva. Good job! I'll go and... put it on the pile, I guess. Here's some Meat for your trouble -- that's what we mainly use for currency around here, instead of Coins. Or stars, or crystals, or any of those other miscellaneous tchotchkes you're used to gathering.
questL03Rat	started	This is good timing, we've just gotten word from the owner of the Typical Tavern -- he says his cellar is infested with rats. He didn't mention turtles, but maybe there's some turtles there too? Although I don't know how turtles would've gotten into his basement, unless a water main leaked or something, but then he'd have a whole different problem. Anyway, I'll mark the level on your world map.
questL04Bat	started	Anyway, we have reports that someone built a little castle inside the Bat Hole, out on the Nearby Plains. Here, I'll add it to your map, but you'll know it when you see it. It's like one of those green pipes, except without the actual pipe bit.
questL04Bat	finished	Great job defeating the invading turtle forces in the Bat Hole! Did you rescue Princess Ralph? ...She wasn't in their castle? Well, that's a problem. I guess she must be in a different one. We haven't gotten any reports of any other castles being built, though. Gosh, I hope she's okay!
questL05Goblin	started	We've gotten word that someone's planted a weird-looking flag over at Cobb's Knob -- sort of a yelling dragon face, or something? That must be where the invaders have struck next! Cobb's Knob is more of an underground cave system than a castle, but the Knob Goblins basically furnished it like a castle, and they have a king, so that probably counts, right? That must be where the princess is being kept!
questL05Goblin	finished	Welcome back! ...What's that? The princess wasn't in the goblin king's throne room? This is terrible! Where could they have taken her??
questL06Friar	started	we've just had a message from the Deep Fat Friars, in the Distant Woods. They don't have anything like a castle, but it seems they've accidentally opened some magic portals, and that may explain where these turtle invaders came from. You'd better shut them down before we we get totally overrun!
questL07Cyrptic	started	Another one of those mean-looking flags has been planted at the Cyrpt, near the Misspelled Cemetary! That's kind of like a castle, I guess? A castle for dead people? Sure, why not.
questL07Cyrptic	finished	We saw that the flag outside of the Cyrpt was lowered and replaced with your first initial, so that means you cleared the level and rescued the princess, right? What, she wasn't there? Darn it! I guess we'll have to keep looking!
questL08Trapper	started	We just got word from a guy who lives at the bottom of Mt. McLargehuge in the Big Mountains -- he said there's some kind of trouble! He did not actually say what the trouble was, but it's probably these turtle guys, right? A mountain is basically a natural castle, after all. No, seriously, they're quite similar when you think about it. Tall, made of stone. Probably a third thing I can't think of right now? Anyway, I'll mark your map with where he is.
questL09Topping	started	Big news! We got a message from one of the Kingdom's minor nobles, Black Angus. I can't believe I didn't think of this before, but he lives in -- well, not a castle, really, it's basically just a tower. But it's closer to being a castle than anything else in the Kingdom, other than the weird floating one! His message said he needs help, although once again he didn't actually say why or anything. And also it would probably be hard for the turtles to get across the Orc Chasm to get there? But you've got to check it out, just in case!
questL10Garbage	started	I was hoping that we could continue ignoring that castle hovering around up in the sky above the Kingdom. It's a real pain to get there, so I figured the invaders wouldn't bother with it. But now there's all kinds of garbage raining down out of there and onto the Nearby Plains, so I can only assume those turtles have gotten in and are trashing the place! Please head to the Nearby Plains at once, and try to find a way up there! That's got to be where they're holding our Princess captive, right? Right?
questL10Garbage	finished	Princess Ralph wasn't in the castle in the sky? But that's the only actual castle in the whole kingdom! Where could they have possibly taken her?? I'm freaking out here! I guess at least you stopped all the trash that was raining down on us, though, and that's not nothing. Yes, that's good. Happy thoughts. Whew.
questL11MacGuffin	started	Hmm, his letter keeps going... apparently he was on the trail of some kind of magical whatchamacallit called the Holy MacGuffin, but he never worked out the last few puzzles... hey, maybe if you got his diary and found that thing, that would help us fight these turtles? That seems like a great plan!
questL11MacGuffin	finished	You brought back the Holy MacGuffin! Gosh, I bet your father will be real proud of you! ...What's that? That tall green guy is your brother? Uhhh just so you know, telling people that your father is also your brother is kind of a strange and uncomfortable admission, okay?
questL12War	started	Terrible news! I mean, we were already dealing with terrible news, but now there's more of it! The hippies and frat boys that live on the Mysterious Island are on the edge of going to war! I don't know how that's related to the turtle invasion, if at all -- maybe the turtles sent spies in to agitate them? Or maybe it was just a result of the general all-around tension in the air? Anyway!
questL12War	finished	What? He didn't have the princess? He didn't even know about the princess? Well, that's strange! If the turtles didn't kidnap Princess Ralph, who could it possibly be??
questL13Final	started	The security there is pretty high, so you'll probably have to go through whatever this weird contest deal is, but I'm sure that won't be any problem for you!
questL13Final	step13	What? You left Princess Ralph tied up in the tower? ...I mean, if you were just really excited to come back here and tell me you'd found her, I appreciate that! But it does seem like one heck of an oversight.

# You, Robot
questL02Larva	started	All right, Roboventurer, we've decided on a pretty simple first mission for you. Should be just the thing to get you calibrated, make sure there's nothing wrong with your... gears, or um, subroutines? Look, there could be a hamster in there for all we know, and to be honest, all we care about is results. The best place to find a mosquito larva is in the Spooky Forest, which is found in the Distant Woods. We'll mark it on your map for you.
questL02Larva	finished	Okay, great, you've brought us a mosquito larva. That demonstrates the absolute bare minimum of function we need out of you, so good job! Normally we give new adventurers Meat for these, but I don't know what you would do with Meat? ...I guess you could buy yourself a new fan belt or whatever. All right, here you go.
questL03Rat	started	All right, time to give you the final exam. The owner of the Typical Tavern, in the Distant Woods, is having a problem with rats in his basement. If you can kill a basement-load of rats as good as a real human adventurer, we'll consider you ready for prime time. At least, ready enough that it'll be worth filing these patent applications. Anyway, I'll mark the place on your... uh, upload it to your gps, I guess? Let me find which button it is.
questL04Bat	started	Well, robot, it looks like you're ready for... I said the Tavern was the final exam, didn't I? Well, forget that, this is the actual final exam -- it's time for you to go defeat a boss. If that wad of silver tinsel they made your brain out of has sufficient computational power to figure out how to do that all on your own, maybe the Good Fairy will turn you into a real boy or girl. No, just kidding, you're gonna be a robot forever. The boss you're looking for is in the Bat Hole, out in the Nearby Plains. I'd say "break a leg", but please don't, they were expensive.
questL04Bat	finished	Hey, you actually did it! Wow, okay, I honestly didn't think this whole robot plan was going to work, but you know what? Good job! Turns out the lab jockeys know how to turn out a pretty good robot, I guess! Looks like we're gonna have to pick out some real-deal missions for you now. And I'll have to tell the local Little League team 'nevermind' about the free pitching machine I offered them.
questL05Goblin	started	Well, Adventurer-Bot, it's time to send you out on a real assignment. We've gotten word from our spies that the Knob Goblins are working on robots of their own, and the last thing we want around here is a robot arms race. Or a robot legs race. ...I'm not sure where I was going with that joke. Anyway, we need you to get into Cobb's Knob, and destroy their test robot -- which they have probably made their King, because the goblins are weird like that. Our spies said there's a secret entrance into the Knob, and they sent us this map, but it's encrypted. Robots are supposed to be real good at that sort of thing, so maybe you can figure it out? Or maybe just beat up some guards until you find a decryption key, like a human adventurer would do, it's up to you.
questL05Goblin	step1	It's great that you've managed to actually get inside Cobb's Knob and all, but we still need you actually eliminate their robo-king. That's the -- um, what would you call it -- the "terminating variable", or something like that? I don't know, whatever, go terminate that variable.
questL05Goblin	finished	Great job, robot -- you successfully put an end to the Knob Goblins' weird scheme! And no real people were at risk of injury or death! (At least, no non-goblin people.) Still, you were a lot more expensive than a real adventurer, so we're gonna need a lot more work out of you before this whole plan is proven to be cost-efficient.
questL06Friar	started	Here's a mission that you should be pretty well-suited for -- the Deep Fat Friars in the Distant Woods are having a problem with demonic creatures invading their grove. Demons are vulnerable to cold iron, right? Or is that just elves? Either way, go check it out and see if you can fix whatever's going on there. Hopefully the Friars won't consider you a horrible blasphemy or anything.
questL07Cyrptic	started	Ah, good, our robot's back. We've got another task for you -- another robot-themed one, actually, which is a funny coincidence. There's a place we call the Cyrpt, which is out by the Misspelled Cemetary -- yes, we know, just add it to your dictionary. Anyway, usually we have to deal with evil emanations coming out of there, but this time it's just some kind of electromagnetic interference? Like errant radio waves or something, is what the lab guys said. They gave me this scanner thing to give to you, but I don't see anywhere to plug it in... I guess I can just duct-tape it to the top of you. There. You should be able to use that to find the source of the problem. Oh, and I guess I should specify -- after you've found the source, eliminate it.
questL07Cyrptic	finished	A robot dragon? I mean, dagon? Huh. That's weird. Well, good job destroying it! Probably we won't have to worry about any more of that sort of thing.
questL08Trapper	started	Oh hey, Roboventurer -- or Adventurebot, or whatever the marketing guys end up deciding to call you -- you're just in time. Which is to be expected, I suppose. Anyway, there's a trapper out at Mt. McLargeHuge, in the Big Mountains, who's requested some assistance. Snow-covered mountains is probably not the best terrain situation for a robot, but we figured it'd be a good way to really put you to the test. I'll upload his location to your map directory thingy, so go see what he wants and deal with whatever it is.
questL09Topping	started	Okay, robot -- can I call you Robby? No? Well, I don't think you have a say in it really, Robby. Anyway, there's another guy we need to loan you out to -- a minor noble called Black Angus. His tower is in the Highlands, on the other side of the Orc Chasm. Go see if you can fix whatever problem he's having. This seems like it must be a mistake, but some mail came for you? Probably one of the programmers put your name on a junkmail list as a joke, or something, but here you go anyway.
questL10Garbage	started	Got a new job for you -- the Nearby Plains are filling up with garbage that's falling out of the sky. We were going to just send you out to clean it up, but the lab guys said it would be more efficient to have you stop the garbage at its source, and I guess I can't argue with that. I mean, I tried, but the nerds got all pouty. They wouldn't even listen to my idea of selling the place to Disney as a WALL-E theme park. But, whatever, so long as you deal with that trash one way or another.
questL10Garbage	finished	Looks like you managed to stop that garbage falling out of the sky. The lab guys tell me I should be nicer to you, because they think maybe you're developing sentience, or sapience, or whatever? So, good job. Good job, robot. Who's a good robot? It's you, yes it is. Here, you can have this thing we found as a reward.
questL11MacGuffin	started	Oh look, it's the Council's favorite and only robot. Good timing, we've got another mission for you. It seems that your "father" -- by which I mean, the guy who wrote the software for your brain -- has gone missing. The last thing he was working on was tracking down some kind of lost technology or something called the Holy MacGuffin. We're hoping it's some kind of super-weapon, or an infinite clean energy source, you know, something cool like that. So, since the other guy's vanished, we're gonna need you to pick up the trail. His notes on the search were found at his hotel in Distant Lands, so you'll have to go pick them up first. Since you're heavy as heck and it would cost a fortune to ship you there, we've decided to just leave the travel planning to you. If you get a fake passport from the Black Market, that should be all you need to deal with the Travel Agency at the Shore. Their security isn't exactly known for being rigorous. You might have to declare yourself at Customs on the other end, though. Anyway, once you've recovered that guy's notes, find the Holy MacGuffin and bring it back to us.
questL11MacGuffin	finished	Hey, wow, you actually did it? You successfully retrieved the Holy MacGuffin? That's frankly incredible. I owe Harris over there fifty bucks! No hard feelings though, I'm genuinely impressed. Good job, robot -- I mean that sincerely. Still, it would be frankly weird for us to throw a full-on parade for a robot, so we're just going to give you this handful of confetti and call it a day.
questL12War	started	It's been pointed out to us that, since you're a robot with no public connection to the Council, you're in a very good position to do a little dirty work for us. Dirtier than the Nearby Plains garbage thing, I mean. Well, dirty in a different way, at least. See, tensions are flaring up between the Hippies and Frat Boys that live on the Mysterious Island of Mystery nearby, and we think it would be to our advantage if a war broke out between them. I'm not going to bother explaining why, because you haven't been programmed for politics and it would probably make your processors overheat. All you need to know is: your orders are to go over there and get those jerks fighting amongst themselves. We don't really care how.
questL12War	finished	Great job crushing those jerk frat boys under your iron boots. Or treads, or wheels, or whatever. I'd offer you a vacation on our nice new jerk-free vacation island, but I'm pretty sure a robot on vacation is a nonsense idea. Instead, we're giving you this war medal, which is also pretty ridiculous, since we don't give medals to, like, guns, but we've got a bunch of these things lying around anyway, so why not. Want me to have a mechanic weld it to your chest? No? Okay, suit yourself.
questL13Final	started	Robot, I've got big news -- It's time for the big mission, the one we've secretly been training and testing you for this whole time. We need you to go to the Nearby Plains, to the Lair of the Naughty Sorceress. Destroy her and rescue the kidnapped -- kingnapped -- King Ralph XI, and we'll release you from your servitude and let you live autonomously. Well, "live" in quotes, ha ha. We'll need to install these Three Laws of Robots Not Killing the Council in your head, but we can talk about that once you've finished the mission.
questL13Final	step13	You did it! You defeated the Naughty... er, Nautomonous Sorceress! Wow, I know a whole bunch of engineers who are definitely getting raises after this. Or at least, after you actually free the King, since it appears that you left him up there. I forget if we made that part of the instructions explicit or not, but yeah, we probably should have. If you'd just go and do that, as like your last job for the Council, we'd appreciate it. Any old time.

# Wildfire
questL02Larva	started	Ah you're back, good. I've got a little mission for you -- our science guys want to check on how the local wetlands fauna are dealing with this whole fire business. I told them, probably not great? It probably isn't fun for them? But that wasn't a scientific enough answer, I guess. So they told me to tell you to go find a mosquito larva or something of that nature. Here, I'll mark the place on your map, although you could probably just follow the smell of burning swamp.
questL02Larva	finished	You actually found a mosquito larva? Huh, I wouldn't've thought there'd be enough standing water left in the Kingdom for it to be possible for mosquitoes to breed. Great news, everybody -- everything is on fire, but don't worry, the mosquitoes are safe! Yayyyyy. Anyway, I'll have someone deliver this to our science guys. Here's some Meat for your trouble.
questL03Rat	started	We've received word that the owner of the Typical Tavern, in the Distant Woods, is having a bit of a rat problem. Probably also a fire problem. Probably a real bad fire problem, unless the rumors about him watering down his stock are true. Anyway, when he called us, he said something about rats, not fire, so maybe his fire problem isn't any worse than everywhere else. Or maybe his rat problem is really surprisingly bad. Go check it out, will you? I need to go put some fresh ice in my shorts.
questL04Bat	started	Okay, great, you're back. I've got a proper quest for you this time -- I need you to go to the Bat Hole in the plains, and kill the Boss Bat so that I can move my office into his nice, shady underground cave. Oh, did I say that last part out loud? Ha ha, ignore that. Don't worry about that. Just do the bat thing. Oh, or if you prefer, you could stand here and wave this fan at me for a while. No? Fine, suit yourself.
questL04Bat	finished	So I got a report back that you've successfully killed the Boss Bat! Nice job, great work. Unfortunately, the report also says that his cave is full of bat crap that is on fire, so that ruins my office relocation plans. Sure I can't get you to wave this fan for a bit? It's surprisingly hard to write memos while you're waving a fan with the other hand. Kind of a patting your head while rubbing your stomach sort of deal.
questL05Goblin	started	I also have a job for you which is probably of more general importance, although clearly not as important to me personally. The local Goblins over at Cobb's Knob are having similar problems as us with this whole "everything is on fire" situation, but we can't assume they won't take this opportunity to attack us while we're distracted. They're extremely devious and sneaky little bastards, after all. So, we've decided the best course of action is to attack them first, while they're distracted.
questL05Goblin	step1	So you got into Cobb's Knob, eh? Great! Is it any cooler in there than up here? No? Well, that's unfortunate. I guess you might as well go ahead and assassinate their king anyway, though. Since you're there already anyway. I mean you aren't there right now, you're in here talking to me. But it's like, what, one or two clicks? No, I don't really know what that means. I don't know why I said that. It's just so hot in here! We ran out of ice ages ago, and they won't let me drink the stuff inside the plastic freezer blocks.
questL05Goblin	finished	Thank you for slaying the Goblin King, Adventurer. That'll teach him to go around kinging it up while the rest of us are on fire. Serves him right.
questL06Friar	started	I've just gotten in a report that the Deep Fat Friars in the Distant Woods are having some kind of situation -- apparently they accidentally summoned a bunch of demons from Hey Deez. I wonder if that could be related to how everything is on fire? Like, maybe there's some sort of cause and effect thing going on here. Hmm. Well, anyway, go and see if you can help them get that sorted out, will you? And maybe see if they have any tips for beating the heat. They seem like guys who would know some good lifehacks for that sort of thing.
questL07Cyrptic	started	Oh hey, I had a great idea: a crypt should be nice and cool, right? Largely underground, made of stone, basically inflammable. Or unflammable? If 'inflammable' means 'very flammable', how do you say 'not flammable'? Also 'inflammable'? That's ridiculous, get out of here. Don't come back until you've cleared me out a new office.
questL07Cyrptic	finished	Huh, so there was a big fire-wearing dragon skeleton in the Crypt? Shoot, it'll have turned that place into an oven, it'll be ages before it cools off in there. So much for my office plans. Thanks for checking it out anyway, though. Good job. Do you want some of my chocolate soup? It used to be a bowl of ice cream, but that stopped being true pretty quickly.
questL08Trapper	started	Adventurer! Great news! We've received a request for assistance from a Trapper who lives at the base of Mt. McLargeHuge, and that gave me a great idea! I could have an office on top of a snow-covered mountain! Wouldn't that be great? Take the ski lift to work in the morning, and then ski home in the afternoon? Or maybe just stay up there in the cold forever? God, that would be incredible.
questL09Topping	started	Ah, here's something for you to take care of. A minor nobleman named Bla-- what's that? My necktie? Oh, looks like it's caught fire again. Is the fire extinguisher empty? Oh well. I guess I'm getting used to it.
questL10Garbage	started	Oh god. Oh god, I bet you thought it couldn't get any worse, right? Everything literally on fire, that's about as bad as it gets, right? That's what I thought. Except now the Plains are filling up with garbage. Burning garbage. Are you smelling that? Of course you are, it's everywhere. This is the worst, it's like some kind of sick joke. Or a parable, or something. We are actually living in an actual dumpster fire. Please. Please, go figure out how to put a stop to it, I'm really allergic to when things are a little too on the nose. And this smell is about as on the nose as it gets.
questL10Garbage	finished	Oh man. Oh jeez. You got rid of the garbage. Thank you, thank you so much. I thought I was going to die. I mean, I probably still am, everything is still on fire, but at least I'm not welcoming the idea like I was when the smell of burning garbage was everywhere. Pretty much everything I could reward you with has burned up, but the clean-up crews found this thing that's still mostly intact. Wear it in good health, for as long as that remains possible.
questL11MacGuffin	started	I've got some bad news for you. Yes, worse than everything being on fire. I think we can just sort of accept that as a neutral baseline, at this point. Anyway, you know your father, the renowned archaeologist? We sent him to Distant Lands to see if everything's on fire there too, maybe set up a branch office so we could get away from this conflagrated husk of a kingdom. Unfortunately, he didn't report back, and it turns out he's gone missing. Probably went on another one of his wild archaeological goose chases again.<p>He left a diary behind, with instructions that it be given to you, but that you'd have to pick it up personally. I guess he was afraid of it catching fire. That's a pretty reasonable fear, to be honest. Our post office has seen better days. You can get there via the Travel Agency at The Shore, but the thing is, you need a passport, and our passport office is closed. Guess why?<p>Probably you could still get a passport from the Black Market, though. Those guys are pretty resilient, it wouldn't surprise me if they were still doing business in the middle of a forest fire. Once you've gotten your dad's diary, do us a favor and see if you can't track down whatever wild ancient relic he was looking for. Maybe it'll be the key to putting out all these fires. Heck, I'd settle for it being a decent air conditioner.
questL11MacGuffin	finished	Hey, great job bringing back the Holy MacGuffin! Unfortunately, it doesn't seem to have any particular fire-extinguishing or air-conditioning properties, which is a little disappointing. I'll have the science guys poke around at it some more though, just to make sure.
questL12War	started	So we're getting reports that the Hippies and Frat Boys on the Mysterious Island of Mystery are mad at each other. More than usual, I mean. I don't know, it's probably something to do with being trapped on a tiny burning island with dwindling resources? I'd be a little on-edge myself. Ha ha ha. Whooo.
questL12War	finished	Good job, adventurer! You cleared all of those terrible hippies off of the island! I'll tell ya, all their "crops" being on fire was really playing havoc with our ability to get anything at all done over there. Once the smoke clears, though, we'll be set for provisions for at least a few more days.
questL13Final	started	Okay. Okay, okay okay. Listen, this is big. The Naughty Sorceress has popped up in here tower again, and if there's anyone who's at fault for all this fire, it's got to be the Naughty Sorceress, right? I mean, we don't really have fossil fuel industries or late-stage capitalism here in the Kingdom, so there's pretty much only one person to blame when this sort of thing happens.
questL13Final	step13	Hey, you did it -- you defeated the Naught Sorceress. Congratulations are in order, I guess. If I seem kind of muted, it's because everything is still on fire. I was really hoping that destroying the Naughty Sorceress would, like, put a stop to that.

# Grey You
questL02Larva	started	Okay, here's a little job for you, Adventurer -- we need a mosquito larva. Sometimes we have a good reason for wanting one, but this isn't one of those times, really. It's just sort of traditional by now. Also it helps determine for certain if you're actually an adventurer, and not just a hallucination or a ghost or a prank, like that time some kids put a mannequin on roller skates and pushed it in front of my desk. <p>In any case, the best place to find a mosquito larva is in the Spooky Forest, which is found in the Distant Woods.  We'll mark it on your map for you.
questL02Larva	finished	Oh hey -- that is a genuine mosquito larva that you've pulled out of your torso and put on my desk. Good. Great. I guess you are a real adventurer after all, although I am going to have to reevaluate your ranking in the Weirdest Adventurer Ever standings. Is it my imagination, or are you a little bit bigger than you were before? It's probably just my imagination. <p>Do you have any use for Meat? No, don't answer, your "voice" makes my eardrums itch.
questL03Rat	started	All right, time to see if you can interact with ordinary people in a way that won't freak them out. Don't worry -- even our most regular adventurers have trouble with that sometimes. The owner of the Typical Tavern, in the Distant Woods, is having some kind of rat problem. If you take care of it, he'll reward you, though I can't promise the reward will make any sense to your bizarre physiology.
questL04Bat	started	Okay, Adventurer, here's your first for-real assignment: go to the Bat Hole, in the Nearby Plains, and kill the Boss Bat. It's not that he's been making any particular trouble, really, but if we're going to send you out to slay more troublesome beasts in the future, we kind of need to test out your beast-slaying capability now -- and the Boss Bat is not a beast that's going to be missed. Even the local wildlife preservation organizations think he's a jerk. Mainly because he keeps eating members of the local wildlife preservation organizations. But anyway, go out there and... spook him to death? I don't have a sense of what your deal is yet.<p>Please stop staring at me like that.<p>
questL04Bat	finished	So, you've successfully slain the Boss Bat! I can tell, because you're significantly larger than the last time I saw you, for some reason. I'm just going to say congratulations, and try not to think about the implications too much. Congratulations!
questL05Goblin	started	Adventurer... you know, I feel like I should have some kind of clever nickname for you. Grayventurer? Advengooer? All right, maybe not. <p>Adventurer, we've gotten word that the Knob Goblins of Cobb's Knob are planning a major military action against Seaside Town. Or at least, that's the excuse we usually use. Look, I don't expect you to understand local politics. All I expect is for you to get into Cobb's Knob, and "neutralize" the Goblin King. I say "neutralize" with quotes around it, because I have no idea what you actually do, and I'm sure I sleep better not knowing.<p>I wouldn't be surprised if you can just squeeze through any little hole to get into Cobb's Knob, but in case you can't or prefer not to, here's a map our spies have recovered. Unfortunately, it's encoded, and you'll have to find the decryption key to use it. Here you go -- oh wow, it just went straight into you, huh? Looks like I'm starting drinking early today.
questL05Goblin	finished	I hear you've slain the Goblin King! Good j-- is that his foot sticking out of you, there? Oh, never mind, it's gone. Guess you just weren't quite finished yet. Ha ha. So, you just shove a guy into you, huh? That's how you do? I'm sure our science guys would love to get their hands -- or rather, tongs -- on you, but you know, I think this is one mystery I'm comfortable not knowing anything else about. You just run along, and I'll send an intern out to get my valium refilled.
questL06Friar	started	We've received word that the Deep Fat Friars in the Distant Woods are in trouble -- apparently one of their mystical rituals went wrong, and they accidentally summoned a bunch of demons. I figured you'd be the perfect choice to take care of this, because you probably don't have a soul. I'm sorry, that sounded kind of insulting when I said it out loud like that.
questL07Cyrptic	started	Here's another job that seems up your alley. The sort of mission where there aren't any sensitive politics involved, so I don't have to worry about sending a frightening monster to go fix it. ...I guess that's kind of harsh. For all I know, you're a perfectly normal person who just happens to have gray skin and gray staring doll eyes, and absorbs things and possibly people into your body mass, never to be seen again. Where was I? <p>Oh yes, the mission. There's a cyrpt near the Misspelled Cemetary that has been exuding more Spookiness than normal for this time of year, and we'd like you to go check it out and make sure nothing horrible is living there. Or more likely, unliving there. And if there is, make it even more unliving. <p>This gizmo should help, probably. I'm gonna want that back, so don't consume it or anything.
questL07Cyrptic	finished	Aha, so it was the Bonerdagon up to its old tricks again, eh? I can tell by the bit of wing-bone sticking out of you. Ah jeez, would you mind not shedding big globs of yourself onto the floor? I'll need to find someone with a hazmat suit to clean... oh, they've crawled away. You're self-cleaning! That's really great. I'm sure that won't be a problem later! Ha ha! Dammit, I'm nearly out of pills again.
questL08Trapper	started	We've gotten a letter from the Trapper, at the base of Mt. McLargeHuge -- he's having some kind of problem, I guess, though he doesn't really specify what kind. How do you feel about extreme cold? The jelly adventurer I mentioned before, they seemed more-or-less okay with it. Regardless, we need you to go see what the guy wants and take care of whatever the problem is. So, dress up warm if that's a thing for you. And please don't absorb all the snow, I'd like to go skiing there someday.
questL09Topping	started	Sorry to trouble you with this, Adventurer, but we've gotten a... shall we say... cryptic message from Black Angus, one of the Kingdom's minor nobles. He's having some kind of problem that he needs assistance with. Isn't it a little weird how the same people always have basically the same problems, regardless of whether there's any kind of disaster going on in the Kingdom or not? Oh well, I don't get paid to answer existential questions -- I get paid to be a calm and unflappable adventurer-relations manager, able to roll with the punches no matter how weird the situation. Or the adventurer. They let me write whiskey off on my expense account! Ha ha! Accounting's gonna love this one!<p>Aaaanyway, Black Angus's tower is on the other side of the Orc Chasm. Here, I'll mark it on your map. Hmm... say, if I stick the end of this pencil into you, can you sharpen it for me? Great, thanks!
questL10Garbage	started	Oh man. Oh man, oh man. Have I got the <i>job</i> for <i>you!</i> <p>Have you seen the Nearby Plains lately? Massive amounts of trash are falling out of the sky, way more than we can possibly clean up on our own! But <i>you</i>, you like... absorb stuff, right? You could just... oh, wait. You'd get really, really big, wouldn't you. I mean, you seem friendly enough, in a menacing-blank-stare sort of way, but maybe I shouldn't be facilitating that sort of thing, just in case. <p>Okay, Plan B: see if you can find the source of all that falling garbage, and stop whatever's causing it, while absorbing no more matter than you actually need to, okay?<p>
questL10Garbage	finished	I'm not sure what you did, and I don't want to know because it would probably give me nightmares, but you stopped the falling garbage! And you did it without becoming noticeably larger than before! That's great! Even though it probably just means you've been sloughing off more gray blobs of yourself to wander off to who knows where, to have who knows what consequences later. Oh well! Long-term consequences are yet another thing I don't get paid to think about. Here, have a thing we found.
questL11MacGuffin	started	Ah, Adventurer, excellent timing. We've just received a message from the Distant Lands. It seems that a renowned archaeologist -- who is definitely not your father, because ha ha ha, <i>what are you?</i> -- has gone missing. He was researching a thing called the Holy MacGuffin, some kind of ancient artifact of almost unimaginable plot importance. He left behind his diary, and a coat check ticket to claim it with. Which means someone -- or some<i>thing</i>, or some<i>you</i> -- needs to go out there and pick it up. <p>You can get there from the Travel Agency at The Shore, but unfortunately, we can't officially issue you a passport, because <i>what are you??</i> So you'll have to go get a forged passport from the Black Market, which is usually somewhere in the Black Forest. <p>Once you've got the diary, we need you to use the information inside it to track down the Holy MacGuffin, and bring it back to us here. Please don't eat it, no matter how much it looks like delicious candy to you.<p>
questL11MacGuffin	finished	Wow! You actually brought back the Holy MacGuffin! And it isn't gooified at all! Great job, Adventurer! You know, your face and the implications of your existence still give me the screaming jibblies, but you're an alright... thing. I gotta hand it to you, you're starting to grow on me. Oh, no, that's a really bad idiom for this context. Forget I said that, please.<p> Anyway, we usually do a parade after this, but I'd rather not frighten people by showing you to them. Here, have some confetti.
questL12War	started	So, there's an island nearby called the Mysterious Island of Mystery. What's so mysterious about it, you might ask, if you had a voice that my brain could recognize as speech? Basically just the name, because the guys who live there are a pretty obvious bunch. Well, two bunches -- frat boys and hippies. Thing is, though, we'd prefer it if we could reduce that number of bunches by at least one.<p> Fortunately, they're pretty much always at each others' throats anyway, and it wouldn't take much to set off a full-on war. So, how about going out there and setting off a full-on war? Report back to me here after you've done that.
questL12War	step1	Excellent work, Adventurer! Now that those jerks are fighting, it's time to clean up. In a literal sense. Which is something that you seem particularly suited to! <p>Now, I'm not suggesting that you go in there and personally eat every soldier. That would be absolutely horrific, and also it would take a long time. But, y'know, if you decided that was how you wanted to do things, it's not like I could stop you, right? Bring back some rum if you find any, I'm going through this whiskey like whoosh. Holding my liquor, that's what they pay me the big steaks for.
questL12War	finished	Good job, Adventurer! You rid the island of those jerk frat boys! How many of them did you convert into more of you? Ha ha, don't tell me! I honestly don't even want to know if you've learned to talk human language yet. That would be worse!
questL13Final	started	Well, Adventurer, it's come down to this. The last mission. The last hurdle before you've proven yourself to really be an unstoppable, all-devouring force of nature, though I assume not <i>local</i> nature. The Naughty Sorceress has announced a contest and opened her tower, and if you can defeat her, then may the gods have mercy on us all.
questL13Final	step13	Well hey! You did it! You defeated the Naughty Sorceress! We're all boned, huh? Like, totally effed? Is it too much to hope that in your adventures and travels, you've acquired a deep appreciation for the human race, and have decided that we can all live together in harmony, instead of just devouring us all and everything else until this whole world is just an undifferentiated gray mass? <p>Ah, whatever. I'm too thoroughly sauced to care much either way. Frankly, you'd be doing me a favor -- I'm not looking forward to the hangover I've got coming. Just do me one last actual favor, okay? Go back up to the top of the Sorceress's tower, and free the King from the prism up there. He's gonna want to see this.

# Fall of the Dinosaurs
questL02Larva	started	"I'm not going to ask you to clarify what you're thinking, there. Just go to the Spooky Forest, in the Distant Woods, and bring back a mosquito larva."
questL02Larva	started	You hear the councilman's voice under the desk: "Is that you? Did you get a mosquito larva yet?"
questL02Larva	started	You hear the councilman's voice under the desk: "Is that you? Did you get a mosquito larva yet?"<p>"No," you say, "I just came back to see if you had anything else to say yet."<p>"Well, I might, but I still need you to get that mosquito larva. It's important for some reason!"<p>"Okay, okay."
questL02Larva	finished	"Hello?" you call out, as you enter the Council Chamber. "I got your mosquito larva."<p>"Oh, good," you hear the councilman say, and his hand reaches out from behind the desk. "Hand it here, and I'll pass it on... ew! Were you just carrying this around loose in your pocket like this?"<p>"Yep."<p>"...Well, anyway, I'll see if the science guys can figure anything out from it. I wouldn't hold your breath, though. We only have like two main guys in that department, and one already left for his night job where he moonlights as a priest in the local prison, and the other one just lounges around all day with his shirt open, chewing gum and laughing weird."
questL03Rat	started	"Are you going to come out from under your desk?" you ask the councilman. "It's kind of awkward talking to you like this."<p>"Absolutely not," replies the voice. "I went to look out the window earlier, and something threw a goat leg at me. So I'm staying right here, thank you very much."<p>"All right, well... what should I do?"<p>"I guess our main priority for now should be checking in with various important people throughout the Kingdom, to see if they need any assistance. With, you know, being eaten by dinosaurs. Start with the bartender at the Typical Tavern, in the Distant Woods."<p>"A bartender? When you said 'important people', I thought you meant, like, politicians or something."<p>"Well, now we know the difference between your priorities and mine."
questL03Rat	started	"Were you able to help out at the Typical Tavern? Does it still exist?" asks the voice under the desk.<p>"I may or may not have gone there yet," you reply.<p>"Well, you'd <i>better</i> go, or else you're going to find yourself out of a job. Or perhaps I mean 'extinct'."<p>"Yeah, yeah."
questL04Bat	started	"Listen, do you remember the Boss Bat? Huge two-headed bat monster, lives in a hole in the Nearby Plains?"<p>"Well... I mean, yeah, but I'm not sure I'm supposed to. You know, <i>canonically</i>..."<p>"Whatever. I've just gotten in a report that a huge dinosaur has eaten him."<p>"That's good, right?"<p>"No! No, it isn't <i>good!</i> Do you want to fight a dinosaur big enough to just swallow the Boss Bat?!"<p>"Oh. Yeah, on reflection, I guess I don't."<p>"<i>Too bad!</i> Off you go!"
questL04Bat	started	"Have you killed the dinosaur that ate the Boss Bat yet?" the councilman calls out from underneath his desk fort.<p>"No, not yet," you say. "I'm still kind of, you know, feeling things out, learning how to fight dinosaurs, you know."<p>"Well, you'd better figure it out real quick, because I think you're gonna be fighting a lot of them!"
questL04Bat	finished	"I killed the dinosaur that ate the Boss bat," you report to the small pile of furniture.<p>"Was it scary?" comes the muffled reply.<p>"You wouldn't've liked it. Did your science guys come up with anything?"<p>"No. They were so preoccupied with whether or not they could get raises out of this, they didn't stop to think if they should keep their jobs. One of them said something about some kind of Protocol having to do with some enzyme or something that the dinosaurs' bodies can't produce, and that it could be fatal to them somehow? But he didn't really explain it well, and I fired him, so it's never going to come up again."
questL05Goblin	started	You hear some hammering sounds coming from inside the councilman's makeshift desk-fort. "Hey, do you know how to make an electric fence?" he asks.<p>"No."<p>"Rats. Well anyway, the next important person I want you to check up on is the Goblin King, inside Cobb's Knob."<p>"The Goblin King?" you ask. "Aren't you kind of... <i>at war</i> with those guys?"<p>"Not at war <i>per se</i>, just... economically advantageous mutual tension. Consider it an 'enemy of my enemy' situation."<p>"Ugh, politics. How do I get in?"<p>"Here, take this map. We never figured out the code that's on it -- or at least, nobody ever told me -- so you'll have to figure out how to decode the route to the secret entrance yourself. And once you're inside, you'll need a disguise. Maybe you could dress up as one of the harem guards. Did you know those guys are--"<p>"Yeah, they're eunuchs. I know this."
questL05Goblin	started	"How's the situation with the Goblin King?" asks the councilman, his eyes peeking out at you from between two nailed-together chairs.<p>"I haven't gotten in to see him, yet," you say.<p>"All right, well, keep trying. Life, ah, finds a way."<p>"I have no idea what that's supposed to mean in this context."
questL05Goblin	finished	"Bad news about the Goblin King," you report. "A dinosaur ate him. I killed the dinosaur, though."<p>"Ah. Well," the councilman muses, "I suppose I can't be too broken up about that, considering that we usually send adventurers out to assassinate him. The goblins will probably just appoint another one."<p>"Another dinosaur?"<p>"I wouldn't put it past them, frankly."
questL06Friar	started	"Okay," the councilman calls out, "the next guys I need you to check in with are the Deep Fat Friars in the Distant Woods."<p>"Ah ah ah," you say, wagging a finger. "You didn't say the magic word."<p>"Is it 'Abraca<i>fired'</i>? Look, don't mess around with this, those guys are important! They guard portals to Hey Deez, and without them, we'll have demons everywhere!"<p>"We already have dinosaurs everywhere. Maybe they'll, y'know, cancel each other out."<p>"Yeah, maybe! Like an atomic bomb cancels out a forest fire!"
questL06Friar	started	"Have you dealt with the Deep Fat Friars yet? Look, I'm not sure if the collection of nailed-together office furniture I've got here is dinosaur-proof, but I'm <i>pretty sure</i> it isn't <i>demon</i>-proof."
questL07Cyrptic	started	"Oh, thank goodness you're back," the councilman says. "I've just had a really terrible thought."<p>"Is it 'what if a dinosaur learned to open doors'?"<p>"... ... ..."<p>"Okay okay, sorry, forget I said anything," you correct yourself. "What was the thought you had? Please stop hyperventilating."<p>"There's a cyrpt near the Misspelled Cemetary that has a tendency to emanate spooky... emanations. You know, like necromantic stuff."<p>"Oh, I see. So you think maybe it'll turn the dinosaurs I've already killed or that I kill in the future, into even more dreadful undead abominations that might be nigh-impossible to permanently destroy?"<p>"... ... ..."<p>"Seriously man, you are gonna totally inhale that paper bag if you aren't careful."<p>"Look, just... just take this evilometer and go check it out, okay?"
questL07Cyrptic	started	"Have you finished searching the Cyrpt?" the councilman asks.<p>"No, not yet," you say. "It's... well, it's just really spooky in there. And also it's full of dinosaurs."<p>"Yeah, yeah I get that. Do your best, though. And be careful with that evilometer I gave you. It's expensive. You can tell because it's heavy."
questL07Cyrptic	finished	You stumble into the Council Chamber, and the councilman peeks out of his fort at you. "Wow," he says, "you look kind of freaked out. And this is <i>me</i> saying that."<p>"I had to fight a T-Rex!" you say. "A T-Rex so big, it ate the Bonerdagon!"<p>"Oh jeez, that's intense. Do you want some ice cream?" He holds up a gallon-size ice cream carton with a spoon sticking out of it.<p>"Why are you eating ice cream? Did the power go out in the kitchen?"<p>"Yeah, but mainly I just wanted some ice cream."<p>"How is it that <i>you're</i> the one who's <i>calm</i> in this situation while <i>I'm</i> freaking out??"<p>He shrugs. "Probably because I have ice cream. Won't last much longer, it's getting pretty melty."
questL08Trapper	started	"Hello?" You lean over to peek into the furniture fort, and the councilman shrieks when he sees you. "Jeez, man," you say. "You were fine a minute ago. What's got you all riled up now?"<p>"I w-went to put the ice cream back, and there was a raptor in the freezer! It ate the middles out of all the Hot Pockets!"<p>"Clever girl."<p>"We've got to do something about this! I'm gonna have a heart attack before the dinosaurs even get to me!"<p>"All right, just give me some kind of specific, actionable quest that I can go do."<p>"I... I guess go see the Trapper at the base of Mt. McLargeHuge? He knows all about wild animals, maybe he can help."<p>"He's probably just going to give me the same quest he always does."<p>"Well, just... just go do that, then!"
questL08Trapper	started	"Any luck with the Trapper?" the councilman asks.<p>"Hmm? Oh. Well, I haven't finished his quest yet," you say.<p>"Look, he's a very important guy. Even if he can't help us kill all these dinosaurs, we're definitely going to need someone who knows how to skin and dispose of them when this is all over. God willing."
questL09Topping	started	"I guess I should send you out to check on Black Angus," the councilman says. "He's probably pretty safe in his stone tower on the other side of the Orc Chasm, but... well, just to be sure."<p>"What does that guy actually do, anyway?" you ask.<p>"Do? He's a nobleman."<p>"Well, yeah, but like, does he have some important position in the government, or some job that the town relies on, or something?"<p>"Do you even know what a nobleman is? Come on."
questL09Topping	started	"Have you checked up on Black Angus?" the councilman asks. <p>"Ehh, I'm working on it," you say. "I still don't get why he's important, though."<p>"He's <i>nobility</i>. I really don't know how else to explain it to you."
questL10Garbage	started	"Well, we've got a new problem," the councilman says. "Although honestly, it's more like a twist on the original problem."<p>"What's up?" you ask.<p>"The giants that live up in the sky have started chucking garbage out of their castle again. It's a real mess, both literally and in terms of the ongoing dinosaur situation. Some of the dinosaurs are getting crushed by the falling garbage, some are eating the garbage, some are going berserk because, historically speaking, dinosaurs and things falling out of the sky don't get along well. It's absolute chaos out there, and I need you to put a stop to it."<p>"Hmm."<p>"Do I need to explain chaos to you? I have some water here that I could drip on your hand in a sensual way."<p>"No thank you."
questL10Garbage	started	"Please hurry up and stop the trash falling out of the sky, so we can focus on the whole dinosaur thing a little more, okay? Oh, but if you happen to spot any old cinder blocks or metal sheeting out there, bring them back, I need more materials for my fort."<p>"That fort's really coming along," you say.<p>"Thanks! Look, I made a beaded curtain out of paperclips, to separate the bedroom from the main hiding room."<p>"Neat!"
questL10Garbage	finished	"Great job dealing with that whole trash-falling-out-of-the-sky situation," the councilman says. He seems to be dismantling some desk lamps and taping the parts together to make a little chandelier. "Here, I sent the interns out to scavenge lumber, and one of them brought this thing back. You can have it."
questL11MacGuffin	started	You peek in one of the little windows of the councilman's fort, and spot him hiding behind a little desk he's made out of parts from a regular-sized desk. "What's wrong?" you ask.<p>"Oh, it's horrible!" he says. "I went down to the basement to see if we had any more staples, and I backed into a severed arm!"<p>"Oh, jeez! Whose was it?"<p>"I'm not sure, but it had a tattoo on it that said 'Ezekiel 25:17'."<p>"Huh. Isn't that the one about, like, shellfish and beards?"<p>"I have no idea. Look, fun is fun, but we really have got to do something about these dinosaurs. I found some notes in a filing cabinet about some kind of magical artifact that might be helpful. Apparently some famous archaeologist compiled all his notes into a diary about it? Just a regular archaeologist, though, not a paleontologist unfortunately."<p>"Oh, huh. I think maybe my dad was a--"<p>"I don't know, sure, whatever. Look, just get a flight to Distant Lands and pick up the diary, and then track down that artifact. You'll have to go to the Black Market first, to get a passport. I used all our regular passport forms to make papier-mache lampshades."
questL11MacGuffin	started	You find the councilman sitting cross-legged behind his little homemade desk, cutting post-it notes into smaller post-it notes. "Any luck getting your father's diary and finding the Holy MacGuffin?" he asks.<p>"Uh, well, I'm working on it," you say.<p>"Please hurry. I mean, I have no idea if dinosaurs are weak to Holy or not, but I definitely don't have any better ideas."
questL11MacGuffin	finished	"All right," you say, reporting back to the councilman. "I got that Holy Macguffin thing. Here it is."<p>"Wow, great! Now we can... hmm, I don't see an 'ON' switch or any instructions or anything on it. Oh well, it'll look nice on my little coffee table."<p>"That's... I mean, look, are you seriously just going to use it as a conversation piece? That thing was a real pain to get."<p>"That's a fair point, and I'd love to reward you commensurate to your efforts, but unfortunately a parade is out of the question, obviously. But here, I've got a lot of confetti left over from down-sizing my post-it notes. Help yourself."<p>"Swell."
questL12War	started	"I've got some interesting news!" the councilman says, excitedly waving a small piece of paper. "I've just received a miniature fax from one of our regional offices -- it suggests that the dinosaurs might have originated on the Mysterious Island of Mystery, off the coast of the Kingdom!"<p>"Huh, really?" you ask.<p>"Yeah -- apparently the original name of the island was Isla Nooblar, which translates to 'Dumbass Island'. And there's a couple paragraphs about mosquitoes and the amber deposits that the hippies make homeopathic necklaces out of, and other stuff I don't understand."<p>"All right. What do you want me to do?"<p>"Okay. Okay okay, get this -- I've had a really great idea. You're going to say it's crazy, but I'm <i>really</i> pleased with it."<p>"What is it?" you ask.<p>"See, I was thinking, who's the natural enemy of the dinosaur? Who best knows the dinosaurs' weaknesses, and how to control them? ...Cavemen!"<p>"...What?"<p>"Sure! You've seen the cartoons, right? And if that island is where the dinosaurs came from, then the cavemen there will be <i>extra</i> strong against them!"<p>"But... besides everything else that's wrong with that, there aren't any cavemen on that island."<p>"Not <i>yet</i> there aren't. All you have to do is get the hippies and frat boys to go to war with each other. One side bombs the other back to the Stone Age, and boom! Cavemen!"<p>"That's <i>extremely</i> crazy."<p>"See, I knew you'd say that! Go do it anyway."
questL12War	started	"Any luck starting that war between the hippies and frat boys? I know it seems weird when humanity's already fighting off a massive dinosaur invasion, but we need cavemen, and we need them <i>fast!</i>"
questL12War	step1	"All right," you say. "I started what is basically a three-way war between hippies, frat boys, and dinosaurs. The battlefield is absolutely insane, I don't... I can't even process it mentally."<p>"Great! Now all we need to do is end the war, so that we'll have a source of caveman dinosaur experts to recruit." the councilman says.<p>"And of course by 'we' you mean me."<p>"Of course! I've got a government to run in here! Look, I made a little foreign ambassador out of popsicle sticks."
questL12War	finished	"Good job, adventurer! With those hippies turned into cavemen, we'll finally be able to learn how to stop this dinosaur menace! As soon as we figure out how to speak caveman, anyway. But you know, it's just like I always say: god creates dinosaurs, god destroys dinosaurs, god creates man, man destroys god, man creates dinosaurs, man destroys hippies, man creates cavemen,  man and caveman destroy dinosaurs!"
questL12War	finished	"Good job, adventurer! With those frat boys turned into cavemen, we'll finally be able to learn how to stop this dinosaur menace! As soon as we figure out how to speak caveman, anyway. But you know, it's just like I always say: god creates dinosaurs, god destroys dinosaurs, god creates man, man destroys god, man creates dinosaurs, man destroys frat boys, man creates cavemen, man and caveman destroy dinosaurs!"
questL13Final	started	You find the councilman huddled in his miniature office -- squatting behind his little desk, sipping coffee from a little espresso cup and sharpening pencils down to a more appropriate length. "Any luck with the cavemen/dinosaur angle?" you ask him.<p>"Unfortunately," he sighs, "the only technology we've really been able to get out of them so far is the spear, and we already knew about that one. However, a very interesting opportunity has just presented itself. The Naughty Sorceress has opened her tower next to the Nearby Plains, and declared some kind of contest. If you can win that contest, you'll be able to meet the Sorceress herself, and negotiate a deal with her to eliminate the dinosaur menace with her powerful magic."<p>"Wait -- negotiate a deal with her? Really?"<p>"I know -- <i>weird,</i> right? But I don't think you'll be able to acquire her powers by killing her, or anything like that. I think we might actually need her alive for this one."<p>"Well, okay. But... you know she's <i>pretty evil,</i> right?" <p>"Well, dinosaurs make strange bedfellows, after all."<p>"That's... you can't just rephrase that idiom like that. That was awful."
questL13Final	started	"Good luck getting to the top of the Naughty Sorceress's tower!" the councilman says. "I'd like to help, but I have a meeting with some very important people."<p>"Is that what the can of shaving cream is for?" you ask.<p>"What? Oh uh, yes. Yes, I have to shave before I go meet them. Don't touch the can."<p>"I wasn't going to."<p>"I don't recommend eating that slice of pie, either."
questL13Final	step13	As you arrive, the councilman is crawling out of his fort, and adjusting his tie. "Oh, uh, you're back. How did it go with the Sorceress?" <p>"Well, not as planned, to be honest," you reply.<p>"Does she still have the King imprisimed? You didn't release him yet, did you?"<p>"Oh, no, I didn't. I guess I should, huh? He might know how to get rid of the dinosaurs!"<p>"No hurry, no hurry. Excuse me, I've got to go to my meeting."<p>"Why are you taking the shaving cream with you?" you ask.<p>"No reason."<p>"Also, you're forgetting your glasses."<p>"I can afford more glasses! Go away!"

# Avatar of Shadows over Loathing

questL02Larva	started	We require your aid, Adventurer! Or 'tourist' if you prefer, but I find the drama of a hearty "We require your aid, Adventurer!" helps set the tone of the whole thing, you know? Your first quest is to find a mosquito larva and bring it back here to me. Now, I'm sure you have some questions, like "What?" or "Why?" or maybe a simple "Huh?", but let me address that by saying: no questions. And I can see from the look on your face that you were maybe expecting a more typical fantasy starting quest like killing a bunch of rats -- rest assured, we'll get to that one. For now though, go to the Spooky Forest in the Distant Woods, and bring back a mosquito larva. 
questL02Larva	started	We still need a mosquito larva, Adventurer. Or more precisely, <i>you</i> do. Look, you want the full adventurer experience, don't you? Well, you gotta start somewhere, and that somewhere is a puddle in the Spooky Forest.
questL02Larva	finished	Well look at that, you've brought back a mosquito larva! Nicely done, you're an official adventurer now. That's something you can take a little pride in, like successfully buying a mass-produced souvenir for slightly less than base tourist price. Don't try haggling around here though, this isn't one of the countries where they do that. We don't even have a button for it.

questL03Rat	started	Okay, now it's time for the truly authentic adventurer experience -- a quest to kill X rats. What's more, they're in the basement of a tavern! You can't get any more fantasy adventure than that, let me tell you. I bet now you're glad you didn't go to Venice, or whatever we call Venice in this universe. "Canoe Town", probably. Anyway, the tavern is in the Distant Woods -- the owner will give you the details when you get there.
questL03Rat	started	Ah, well, now you've <i>really</i> proven yourself to be an authentic adventurer, by forcing me to reiterate simple instructions for you. Good job. The quest is to go to the Typical Tavern in the Distant Woods, and kill a bunch of rats for the owner.

questL04Bat	started	Okay, this next quest is another important milestone for a fantasy adventurer -- your first quest with an actual Boss Fight. Well, I guess the tavern does have a boss of sorts, but he's optional, I think? It's been a really long time since I actually read how these quests work, and the wiki is down right now, so let's just assume this is gonna be your first boss. He's called the Boss Bat -- handy, right? Easy to remember. He's in the deepest part of the Bat Hole, in the Nearby Plains. Back in the day you used to have to bring back proof that you'd killed him, but now we just go by the honor system. Just come back here when you've finished the job, and I'll know whether you've done it or not. I guess it's not so much an "honor system", more of a "surveillance state".
questL04Bat	started	Remember how I said I'd know whether you'd killed the Boss Bat or not? Well, I may just be a simple medieval fantasy town council guy, unfamiliar with your big city ways -- like, I dunno, airplanes? Fire departments? Voting? -- but I do know that you haven't killed that big bat yet.
questL04Bat	finished	You killed the Boss Bat! Nice work! Seems like you're adapting to the situation pretty well -- "going native", I guess people might say, if it didn't sound vaguely racist. Now that I know you can handle youself, I'll have some more complicated quests for you. Maybe in the very next paragraph, if you've hit level 5 yet. Otherwise, you'll have to come back later. Is the level-based gating a little strange to you? I guess they don't do that in the modern age of 1928, huh? Well, just think of it as a conversation-based trigger except I'm not going to have the conversation with you until your number is high enough.

questL05Goblin	started	Okay, it's time for you to get down to some real wor-- uh, fun and relaxing tourist quests. Bear with me, I'm still adjusting to the idea of someone coming here as a tourist. Here's the deal: we're in a sort of constant state of cold war with the Knob Goblins from Cobb's Knob -- oh, you don't know what a "cold war" is yet, do you? 1928. Okay, well, in this case all you need to know is that we keep it from becoming a hot war by repeatedly having their king assassinated before they organize enough to actually try anything.<p>Here's the map. See the squiggles on it? That's some kind of code that you'll need to decrypt to find out how to get inside the Knob. It would make things a lot easier if any of the adventurers ever explained how the code works to us instead of just cracking it on their own and keeping that information to themselves... but, well, that's how it goes. Good luck!
questL05Goblin	started	Have you gotten inside Cobb's Knob yet? Still working on the map? Well, if you keep looking around the Outskirts you should find a key to it eventually. Just think of it as one of those fun tourist scavenger hunts where you have to find the severed mouse heads or whatever.
questL05Goblin	finished	You successfully killed the Goblin King? Great! Don't worry about anyone finding out that you murdered a foreign dignitary while you were on vacation -- what happens in Loathing, stays in Loathing. We don't have any extradition treaties.

questL06Friar	started	Let's see, the next thing on the itinerary we've prepared for you -- no charge, it's part of the standard tourist package -- is to meet with the Deep Fat Friars in the Distant Woods. Apparently they're having trouble with some sort of demonic invaders coming out of mysterious portals. Ah, I see from the look on your face that's something you have experience with. Great! I'm sure you'll do just fine.
questL06Friar	started	We still need you to deal with that Deep Fat Friar thing. Have you tried the hell ramen yet? It's a classic of local cuisine, despite the main ingredient coming from a terrifying invading force. Sort of like if there was a traditional Korean dish made of 13th-century Mongol eyebrows. Goes to show why we keep needing so many adventurers around here, I guess.

questL07Cyrptic	started	I hear you're not unfamiliar with some spooky goings-on, is that right? Got your horror chops, one might say? I think this one will be right up your alley. No tentacles involved though, and if that's a downside for you instead of an upside, I don't want to know. Here's the summary: in the Misspelled Cemetary, there's an ancient cyrpt that's recently developed an extremely spooky aura -- what you might call "a real bad vibe". Or, well, in forty years you might call it that. <p>Anyway, it's been riling up the local undead, more than their baseline amount of riledness, and we need you to investigate. And when you've finished investigating, we need you to fix it. Here, take this technological gizmo with you, it might help.
questL07Cyrptic	started	The Spookiness still emanates from the Cyrpt, Adventurer. If you've been putting it off due to PTSD from your spooky adventures back home, I can understand that, but it doesn't get you off the hook I'm afraid.
questL07Cyrptic	finished	A bonerdagon, eh? Well, well! I bet they don't have <i>those</i> in the big city, do they? I bet they don't even have regular dagons. ...Fish people? What does that have to do with anything? No, don't explain, if they're anything like the fish people we've got around here, I don't want to know. Just be glad those guys are totally optional and not part of the Council's quest line.

questL08Trapper	started	Let's see, what's next... oh, the Trapper! Do you still have fur trappers in 1928? ...Swamp leather? Huh. Gross. Well, you'll be glad to know that this guy lives up a mountain -- Mt. McLargeHuge we call it, basically the exact opposite of a swamp. There's a ski slope up there too, might be the most typically vacation-y spot you're gonna find here. So that's fun! <p>The guy you want to talk to is named... well, I don't actually know his name, we just call him The Trapper. Go find him, he'll tell you what he needs.
questL08Trapper	started	We got a call from the Trapper -- do you have phones yet, by the way? They're really useful, I recommend them. ...Why are you so surprised we have phones? Oh, oh right, fantasy. Well, they're probably magical phones. The contracts are certainly demonic. What were we talking about? Oh right, the Trapper. You should finish whatever his quest was.

questL09Topping	started	The next item on your To-Do list -- let's pretend that's short for "Tourist Doings" -- is to deal with a guy called Black Angus, a minor noble who rules over basically nothing, from a tower on the other side of a big crack in the ground. I have no idea what his purpose is, to be honest. If there's ever an "Avatar of Black Angus" dealio, it's gonna be a real exciting one I'm sure. <p>Anyway, please go see what he wants. The tower is on the other side of the Orc Chasm, and you'll have to make your own bridge because all the previous adventurers who made <i>their</i> own bridges did not use very sturdy materials.

questL10Garbage	started	Hoookay, this is an elaborate one. Not the <i>most</i> elaborate one -- that's the next one -- but it's up there. Probably doesn't help that all the information I give you is that there's giant trash falling out of the sky at the Nearby Plains, and you need to stop that from happening. I can't shake the feeling though, that somehow, you already know how this works. And hey, if you've forgotten, the wiki is back up.
questL10Garbage	started	I don't know exactly how far you've gotten in the Giant Trash quest, but I do know you haven't finished it yet. I don't even need magic surveillance to know that, because there's still garbage everywhere.
questL10Garbage	finished	I'm not sure what you did, but the trash has stopped falling! Don't tell me -- nobody ever tells me, and I don't really want to know. Preserve the mystery for me. Anyway the cleanup crew found this thing, and since I have no other use for it, I'm giving it to you as a souvenir. 

questL11MacGuffin	started	Okay, here we go, this is the <i>big</i> one... hmm, actually, the next one might be the big one. But this is the <i>complicated</i> one. We've gotten word that your father-- hang on. Someone's handed me a note.<p>Uncle? You have a missing uncle? Who travels around looking for weird artifacts? Wow, okay, that's bizarrely perfect! <p>We've gotten word that your <i>uncle</i> was looking for something called the Holy MacGuffin. He left behind a diary with his research notes and instructions that it should be given to you, but it's in the Distant Lands, and you need a passport to get there. And no, the passport you used to get <i>here</i> will not work for this purpose. Stop looking at me like that, this is serious.<p>What you need to do is, find the Black Market, which is somewhere in the Black Forest, get some forged identity papers, and then travel to the Distant Lands via the Travel Agency at the Shore, and get the diary. Then use your fa-- <i>uncle's</i> research notes to track down the Holy MacGuffin, and bring it back here.<p>Have fun!
questL11MacGuffin	started	Any luck getting your uh, your uncle's diary? And finding that artifact? C'mon, this should be easy for you, it's like your <i>entire thing.</i>
questL11MacGuffin	finished	Wow, you actually found the Holy MacGuffin! Nice! I wonder if we ever figured out what that thing does. Well, whatever.

questL12War	started	Okay, sooo... look, before I give you this next quest, let me ask you something first. Where you're from, have they invented the Geneva Conventions? ...No? <i>Perfect.</i><p>There's a little island off the coast that would be a really great place for a tourist resort. As I'm sure you've noticed, we do not have many of the usual tourist comforts around here, and we're gonna need some if we're gonna attract more people like you to visit -- or rather I should say, people <i>un</i>like you, people who just want to be tourists and aren't willing to be trick-- uh, coerce-- uh, <i>encouraged</i> to become adventurers instead.<p>So, we need that land. The bad news is, it's already occupied by a bunch of frat boys and hippies. The <i>good</i> news is, the frat boys and hippies <i>hate</i> each other, which maybe gives us the opportunity to get rid of at least half of them. All you need to do is go over there and start a war.<p>Oh, don't look at me like that. It's not like I'm asking you to assassinate their king. Yet.
questL12War	started	Any luck starting that war? Well yeah, I know it isn't exactly heroic, but I never said you're a hero. You're an adventurer, that's very different.
questL12War	step1	Great, you started the war! Now go finish it. No no, no peace accords. I mean, help one side win. <p>Please try to do it quickly, so the clean-up crews can get rid of all the bodies before tourist season. Good job not coming during tourist season by the way, that was very economical of you.
questL12War	finished	Great job clearing all those smelly hippies off the island! I bet you're glad you won't have to deal with any more of those guys for another few decades.<p>Here you go, you're a decorated war hero now. Just, when you get back home, don't tell anybody why.
questL12War	finished	Great job clearing all those drunken frat boys off the island! I almost suspected you had some kind of personal grudge against them, or something. Too many food fights in your college days?<p>Here you go, you're a decorated war hero now. Just, when you get back home, don't tell anybody why.

questL13Final	started	I've got to say, it's been a pleasure working with you. You've done a great job around here, and now it's time for the big finale. The big climactic quest that's gonna be the capstone of your vacation scrapbook, or slide projector reel, or social media thread, or whatever. I have already forgotten what time period you're originally from. <p>Here's the deal: The Naughty Sorceress, who is in some unclear way responsible for the disappearance of our king and the arrival of all the monsters hassling this kingdom, is holding some sort of contest at her tower next to the Nearby Plains. We need you to win that contest, get to the top of the tower, and defeat the Naughty Sorceress once.<p>What's that? "Once and for all?" No, that isn't how things work around here.
questL13Final	started	Hi! I am not really going to have anything new to say to you until you've defeated the Naughty Sorceress.
questL13Final	step13	You did it! You've defeated the Naughty Sorceress! <p>What's that? It wasn't the NS, it was some other villain you knew from back in the city? Oh, huh. That's weird. Oh well, doesn't matter to me one way or the other! <p>Another thing that, if I'm being brutally honest, doesn't really matter to me one way or the other, is that you left the King imprismed up at the top of the tower. You might want to go ahead and free him. There's no hurry, though.
questL13Final	finished	Congratulations, Adventurer! It's the end of your quest as we know it. Don't worry, we feel fine. You've freed the king and made us obsolete. Ah, well. Hail to the king, baby.

# A Shrunken Adventurer am I
questL02Larva	started	"Ah, you're back," the Councillor says. "Did you..." He notices the thoughtful look in your eyes, and pauses. "...No, I can see you're still mulling it over. Okay. Look, you know the thing where we send you to the Spooky Forest, to bring back a mosquito larva? I know you've done it at least once before."	"Any luck getting that mosquito larva?" the Councillor asks.
questL02Larva	finished	You roll the massive mosquito larva into the Council Chamber, and the Councillor looks impressed. "Wow, that's a beaut," he says. "That'll keep us in grub steaks for weeks."
questL03Rat	started	We've received word that the owner of the Typical Tavern is having some problems. Fortunately, since his bar shrank like the buildings here in town, he can still reach the taps. But--	Don't forget to take care of the rats in the Typical Tavern basement. It's for the rats' benefit as much as the tavern-keeper -- the overcrowding down there must be horrible.
questL04Bat	started	Okay, the next thing I need you to do, now that you're warmed up a bit, is to go kill the Boss Bat. As much of a threat as he was before, he's even worse now that we're the size of bugs to him. I mean, we're the size of bugs, period. I don't know if he's the kind of bat that eats bugs, but he's got two mouths to feed, so he probably doesn't not eat bugs. In case your concussion made you forget, he lives in the Bat Hole, in the Nearby Plains.	Really need you to go kill the Boss Bat, adventurer. At night he comes out and flies around making that high-pitched screeching-clicking noise that bats do, it's terrifying. And all the more so because he tries to harmonize with himself, but he's terrible at it. It just sounds godawful.
questL04Bat	finished	Whew! Thanks for slaying the Boss Bat. That's the most immediate threat to the safety of our newly-tiny residents taken care of. Now, hmm, what's the second-most immediate threat...
questL05Goblin	started	Well, I've gotten word that the Knob Goblins are getting up to their usual tricks of being accused of planning a military action against Seaside Town, giving me an excuse to send someone in to assassinate their king. Fortunately, since Cobb's Knob is much further away than it used to be, relatively speaking, an invasion isn't as urgent a problem as it usually is. Although, since it's also going to take you longer to get there, I guess it all balances out.	Are you having trouble getting into Cobb's Knob? That's weird, the place must be practically hermetically sealed, if someone as small as you can't get inside. I wonder if they have trouble getting enough oxygen down there. Maybe that's why they're so weird all the time. Beans as currency, I ask you. Anyway, if you search around the Outskirts carefully, you ought to kind a key to the map encryption sooner or later.
questL05Goblin	step1	You've managed to sneak into Cobb's Knob? That's great news! You haven't assassinated the king yet? That's less great. Maybe if you, uh, disguise yourself as... a really unusually small Knob Goblin... I mean, look, you never know. Maybe they won't notice.
questL05Goblin	finished	You've slain the Goblin King? That's great! Well done! Did you crawl into his ear and stab his brain to death? On second thought, that would probably be... it's probably real gross in that ear.
questL06Friar	started	Uh-oh. Big problem, Adventurer. Big, giant-sized problem. Yes, ha ha, all our problems are giant-sized now. I guess I need a new scale of problem measurement and comparison.	The Deep Fat Friars still require your assistance, and since you aren't an expert in the mechanics of demon summoning and are also equally as small as the monks who are, it's going to have to be fighting-type assistance.
questL07Cyrptic	started	So, as much as I had hoped that the Misspelled Cemetery and the Cyrpt would have shrunk along with Seaside Town, it turns out that they did not. And consequently, our newly-tiny Spookiness Detection devices are going nuts. We've managed to re-tune this portable one down to acceptable margins, so I need you to take it to the Cyrpt and put a stop to whatever spooky business is going on out there.	The Spookiness is still pouring out of the Cyrpt, Adventurer. I know because the science team had to unplug all the monitors -- nobody could get any work done with those emergency klaxons going off. The computer voice that yells what color of alert it is had to start making up new, redder shades of red.
questL07Cyrptic	finished	So the Bonerdagon was up to its old tricks, eh? Considering your size, I bet it was a pretty easy fight -- since it would just swallow you whole, and you'd fall right out the back of its jaw. Right?
questL08Trapper	started	We've received an urgent message from the Trapper out at Mt. McLargeHuge -- or perhaps I should say <?>Mt. McHugeGargantuan</?>. Seems like he needs our (your) assistance with something important. I hope you'll be able to find him in all that snow. I also hope nobody has to come find you in all that snow. Maybe you should get one of those little flags on long sticks, like they put on the back of children's bicycles so they don't get run over by SUVs. ...I mean, uh, fat horses.	Any luck dealing with the Trapper's problem, Adventurer? One of our science guys told me you're probably light enough to just walk on the surface of the snow, so you don't have to worry about falling into it way past your head and racing to see if hypothermia or suffocation kills you first. You know, in case you were just nervous about going out there.
questL09Topping	started	As you may have been expecting, we've received a message from Black Angus, one of the Kingdom's minor nobles. He's even more minor now, but no less noble, so this is no fewer important. He sounded pretty agitated. Maybe he's too short for his bong.	Black Angus is still sending us frantic messages, Adventurer. I wish they actually said anything about what the problem actually is. We've got like five pigeons, two ravens, an eagle, and an emu from him, and the notes on their legs all just said "HEY!!!" with an increasing number of exclamation points.
questL10Garbage	started	Adventurer, we've got problems. Big problems. Like, really BIG problems. I mean yeah all our problems are big problems under the circumstances, but this is like... okay, stop giving me that look, I'll get on with it. The thing is, the giants that live up in the sky are dropping garbage on the Plains again. But now, what with the size differential being much larger, it's... well, it's a whole <i>thing</i> you know? That garbage was really big before, but now it's... I don't know, <i>double</i>-big? So please, go figure out a way to put a stop to this whole thing. And by "figure out" I mean "remember how you usually do it".	Please <i>please</i> put a stop to all the garbage falling on the Plains, Adventurer. God, the clean-up is going to be a nightmare. We're going to need to send teams of people out there with ropes and scaffolding and giant rollers like they were building a pyramid, except in reverse and instead of a pyramid it's a banana peel.
questL10Garbage	finished	Whew, what a relief. You managed to stop the garbage from falling, and I managed to sign a piece of paper that somehow resulted in all of that massive garbage being cleaned up. It's been a trying day for both of us, to be sure. Oh, maybe you can make use of this -- I guess one of the giants threw away some trash that, compared to how big we used to be, would be normal-sized trash, which would have been unusually small to the giants, but since we're so much smaller now but this thing is still the same size relative to <i>us</i>, that must mean it was inexplicably <i>tiny</i> to the giants? I don't know. Please take it away from here so I can stop wondering about it.
questL11MacGuffin	started	Ah, Adventurer, excellent timing. We've just received a message from the Distant Lands -- it seems that your father, the renowned archaeologist, has gone missing. I wrote back and asked if they'd looked under the couch, down around the baseboards, that kind of thing, but they didn't write back. They may have assumed I was joking or drunk.	Any luck getting your father's diary and recovering the Holy MacGuffin? If it turns out to be too big for you to carry, I could send... nah, never mind. I've seen how much junk you carry around with you all the time, you'll be fine.
questL11MacGuffin	finished	You found the Holy MacGuffin? Great! ...Hmm, nothing seems to have changed. Well, maybe it takes some time to work? Or maybe it just does nothing. I don't know about you, but I know which one of those I'm betting on. Regardless, you did a great job. I'd like to reward you with a ticker-tape parade, but there's concern that it would be mistaken for a line of ants and get eaten by an aardvark. I can offer you this big armload of confetti, though. Maybe you can use them as handkerchiefs, or something.
questL12War	started	Adventurer, I've had some reports from our spies -- our spies are <i>really</i> good now, by the way -- that the hippies and frat boys who live on the Mysterious Island nearby are ratcheting up the tensions, and on the verge of war. Your mission, should you choose to accept it -- and by "should you choose" I mean "you have no choice but", you know how this works -- is to go to the island and get that war going.	Hey, have you managed to start the war on the Mysterious Island yet? The usual methods of assassination are a bit trickier now I guess, but you do have a lot of new options. You could crawl into someone's ear and stab their brain. Or you could crawl up their nose and stab their brain. Or you could crawl up... well, that would be a much longer trip, probably not very convenient.
questL12War	step1	Excellent work, Adventurer! Now that you've started the war on the Mysterious Island, your next task is...
questL12War	finished	By the way -- just curious, were the hippies and frat boys shrunken down, like the rest of us humans? Or does it turn out they count as monsters?
questL13Final	started	All right, we've finally come up with a plan to fix this whole shrunkenness deal. One that doesn't require the aid of Rick Moranis. Are you ready to hear it?	Be strong, Adventurer! As strong as you can be when you're as small as you are. All our rulers shrank too, so I don't know how small that is, you know, specifically. Anyway my point is, you have to go defeat the Naughty Sorceress, so that our rulers will be useful for accurately measuring things again!
questL13Final	step13	Be strong, Adventurer! As strong as... wait, what? You defeated the Naughty Sorceress? ...Huh. It doesn't seem like anything changed around here. Hmmmm.

# 11 Things I Hate About U
questL02Larva	started	We desire aid, Fellow. We need an insect larva. Don't ask why, since we won't tell. In any case, the best place to find a larva is in the Spooky Forest, which is located in the Distant Woods. We'll mark it on the map.	We still need that larva. Please find one, in the Spooky Forest.
questL02Larva	finished	Thanks for the larva.
questL03Rat	started	We've received word that the owner of the Typical Tavern, in the Distant Woods, is having a bit of a rat problem. We think he'll offer a reward to whoever takes care of it for him.	The owner of the Typical Tavern is still facing his rat problems. Go help him!
questL04Bat	started	We have another task, Explorer. Please slay the Boss Bat. He lives in the deepest part of the Bat Hole, in the Nearby Plains. Slay him, and come back here with proof of victory.	The Boss Bat is not yet slain. He can be located in the Bat Hole, in the Nearby Plains.
questL04Bat	finished	Well done! The Boss Bat is slain!
questL05Goblin	started	We've gotten word that the Knob Goblins, who normally keep to themselves over at Cobb's Knob, are planning a major military action against Seaside Town.	Find a way into Cobb's Knob, Wanderer. Try looking in the area near the Knob for something that might help to decode that map.
questL05Goblin	step1	We still nee the Goblin King stopped!
questL05Goblin	finished	Thanks for slaying the Goblin King, Hero.
questL06Friar	started	The Deep Fat Friars in the Distant Woods are having a problem -- one of the experiments has gone awry, and fey beasts have invaded their grove. Please, lend them assistance.	The Deep Fat Friars still need assistance. They can be located in the Distant Woods.
questL07Cyrptic	started	Recently, an feeling of extreme Spookiness has started to emanate from within the Cyrpt, near the Misspelled Cemetary. We fear that some horrible monster has taken residence there, and started to incite the local non-alive.	The Spookiness still emanates from the Cyrpt. Find and destroy the origin, and bring back proof.
questL07Cyrptic	finished	Aha! So the Spookiness was coming from this abominable monster, was it? Well, thanks, for that brave act of cleansing.
questL08Trapper	started	We've received an distressed letter from the Trapper, wanting assistance. We, like, really kinda don't want to right now, so we were hoping to send someone else to his place and see what he wants.	Come on, deal with the trapper, please
questL09Topping	started	Sorry to be a bother with this, Hero, except we've gotten a... shall we say... cryptic message from Black A. -- he's one of Loathing's minor nobles.	The Highland Lord, Black A., still needs help.
questL10Garbage	started	Something is amiss, Explorer. The Nearby Plains are filling with giant piles of garbage, and despite the best efforts of the sanitation department, it keeps falling from the sky faster than we can collect it. We need someone to discover where it's coming from, and stop it.	Please try to discover where this garbage is coming from, Hero! Perhaps a hint can be revealed by exploring the Nearby Plains.
questL10Garbage	finished	We're not totally clean on what happened, Hero! The garbage finally stopped falling. Thanks a lot!
questL11MacGuffin	started	, excellent timing. We've recently received a message from the Distant Lands -- a renowned archaeologist has gone missing. Apparently, his life's work was to track down an ancient relic known only as the Holy Mac-Something-Or-Other. He left behind his diary, with hints that it was to be delivered to someone, except he didn't leave any money to pay for shipping. So, go grab it.	Grabbed the diary and recovered the Holy thing yet? It's a pretty important whatchamacallit, so we'd appreciate it if that was done ASAP.
questL11MacGuffin	finished	That's pretty darn impressive -- well done! Now we can pack it in an wooden crate and stash it into secret storage, filled with similar crates somewhere where it's likely that no one will ever see it again. Thanks for the help! Have a parade!"
questL12War	started	Exploer, we have heard tell that something is brewing on the Island of Mystery. The hippies and frat boys are agitating for war. I mean, they've always been a little tense with each other, except now it's getting real. Yay!	Hey, managed to start the war on the Island yet? Maybe to get them really angry, try assassinating Franz Ferdinand. Historically, that tends to work.
questL12War	step1	Excellent work! Finally those idiots are fighting each other. Now, let's end the war before vacation season. The war isn't going to help the economy.
questL12War	finished	Good job! The island is finally rid of those smelly hippies. The economy is going to boom now that they won't be stinking to high heaven!	Great work! Those darn bastard frat boys are gone. The economy is going to boom now that travelers don't have to deal with being forced to do beer bongs while being paddled. Now they can choose to be paddled or do a beer bong or both!	Nice work! Both sides are destroyed. No more stinky incense or sleazy lines. Maybe this means nobody wins.
questL13Final	started	Yo! We've recently received word that a wicked Sorceress is holding some sort of contest. We don't know what it means, except we know it doesn't mean anything good and we have decided that it is time to start on a final job. Find and destroy that sorceress, who has defiled these lands for so long, and free King Ralph XI, whom she has imprismed.	Be strong! Defeat the Sorceress, it's imperative! Her lair is east of the Nearby Plains.
questL13Final	step13	"Good job, Nastiness Eraser! Peace has once again come to the land.
